Helping companies and their employees save for a more financially secure retirement
Since 1945, Mutual of America has specialized in providing small and mid-sized not-for-profit organizations and companies with pension- and retirement-related services, along with leading customer support. We work diligently to understand the needs of plan sponsors. We provide them with competitively priced solutions so they can help their employees achieve their financial planning goals.

Community Building: Making a Difference
Mutual of America Foundation Community Partnership Award


The Mutual of America Foundation Community Partnership Award recognizes outstanding nonprofit organizations in the United States that have shown exemplary leadership by facilitating partnerships with public, private or social sector leaders who are working together as equal partners, not as donors and recipients, to build a cohesive community that serves as a model for collaborating with others for the greater good.

Each year, the Mutual of America Foundation sponsors a national competition in which hundreds of organizations demonstrate the value of their partnership to the communities they serve, their ability to be replicated by others and their capacity to stimulate new approaches to addressing significant social issues.

Six organizations are selected by an independent committee to receive the Community Partnership Award.

The Thomas J. Moran Award is given to the national award-winning program and includes $100,000 and a documentary video about the program.
The Frances R. Hesselbein Award is given to a partnership that is addressing social challenges in more than one community, or which demonstrates the potential to be replicated in other communities. This recipient receives $50,000.
Four other organizations are named Honorable Mention recipients for their programs, and each receives $50,000.
Since its inception in 1996, the Community Partnership Award has recognized 256 partnerships from cities and towns across America. Like so many of our clients working in the nonprofit community, Mutual of America is dedicated to having a direct, positive impact on society.

The 2023 Community Partnership Award competition is open. Apply today! The deadline is July 1, 2023.

Ms. Lisa M. Loughry
Chair
Mutual of America Foundation
320 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022-6839

