Retirement Plan Solutions for Your Organization:
At Mutual of America, we offer a wide variety of retirement savings and investment solutions personalized to your organization and needs. We offer products such as 401(k) plans, 403(b) plans, 457 plans and more. Supporting Nonprofit Organizations, Businesses, Tribal Entities and Government Agencies, we have the right plan for you and your employees.

Financial Services We Provide:
Mutual of America is a leading provider of retirement plans and investment services. We offer custom solutions at a competitive price to help employers and their retirement plan participants build and preserve assets for a financially secure future.

Support for Your Employees:
Our Representatives and Retirement Plan Rollover Specialists can help your employees understand the savings and investment options available under their retirement plan. We'll provide your employees with the education they need to understand their investment options so they can develop their own long-term savings strategy for a more financially secure future.

There are no one-size-fits-all plans here. We customize employer retirement plans and can help you create the right one.

Extending Our Service to Nonprofits:
Being a nonprofit might bring different considerations when choosing which retirement plan is right for your organization, which is where we come in, with products and services based on your needs.

Nonprofits we serve
We provide support to several types of nonprofit organizations, helping them to continue having a powerful impact and improving lives across the country.
Charitable Organizations
Civic Leagues
Home Health Care Providers
Social Welfare Organizations
Religious and Apostolic Associations

Retirement plans we offer
Our representatives work with Nonprofits like yours to enhance your employees' retirement readiness through flexible plan designs.
401(k)
401(a)
457(b)
403(b)

Services we provide FOR YOUR ORGANIZATION
Experienced team of specialists to help design scalable, cost-effective retirement plans
Dedicated account management
Diverse choice of investment funds
Payroll integration, online enrollment and automated compliance services
FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES
Customized awareness and engagement communications
On-site and virtual enrollment meetings
Dedicated customer service

Helping Your Employees Achieve a Secure Financial Future
No matter the size of your business, retirement benefits can show that you care about your employees, which can help generate loyalty. We offer a variety of plans and can help you choose the best solution for your company. Further, we can provide support to make the plans easy to administer, and help your employees stay on track to meet their financial goals.
Retirement plans we offer
Our representatives work with businesses to help your employees achieve retirement readiness through flexible retirement plan designs.
401(k)
401(a)
Services we provide
FOR YOUR ORGANIZATION

Experienced team of specialists to help design cost-effective retirement plans
Diverse choice of investment funds
Payroll integration, online enrollment and automated compliance services
FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES

Customized awareness and engagement communications
On-site and virtual enrollment meetings
Retirement distributions
Superior customer service
Education regarding their retirement plan and saving for retirement

Put Your Tribal Entity’s Retirement Plans in Experienced Hands
Mutual of America Financial Group is proud to help meet the retirement goals of Tribal communities and entities across the country.
Retirement plans we offer
Our specialists work with you to help design customized, flexible retirement plans to meet the diverse needs of tribal entities and to help your employees achieve retirement-readiness success.

401(k)
403(b)
401(a)

Services we provide
 
For Your Organization
Retirement plans
Dedicated account management
Diverse choice of investment funds
Options for per-capita and minor’s trust programs
Tax-exempt solutions
Institutional investing options
Payroll integration, online enrollment and automated compliance services
Customized plan designs for departments within tribal governments such as law enforcement, Tribal council, healthcare, colleges and commercial fishing
 
For Your Employees
Customized awareness and engagement communications
On-site and virtual enrollment meetings
Free resources to build financial literacy and better understand investment options
Education regarding their retirement plan and saving for retirement
Individual IRA options for non-employee Tribal members
Advantages for you
Tribal Retirement Plan Setup and Implementation
Our experienced specialists will work with committees and Tribal councils to ensure your organization’s needs are addressed, utilizing multiple plan features available through ERISA and non-ERISA plan designs.

No Charges for Plan Amendments
You can choose the type of retirement plan that best serves your employees with the flexibility and control to make plan design adjustments without transactional charges for plan amendments.

Simplified Plan Administration
Automated systems make it easy to manage your plan with minimal staff time and resources.

A Full Range of Investment Options
Carefully selected investment options allow your employees to build individual portfolios tailored to their investment objectives, time to retirement and tolerance for risk.

Governmental Plan Support
We understand how Tribal entities value sovereignty and their ability to govern themselves without interference. Mutual of America Financial Group has significant experience in writing governmental plans and helping Tribal entities navigate issues that may arise when writing these plans.

Support with Minor’s Trust Programs
A highly experienced investment management team specializing in portfolio management and asset allocation services is available to manage tribal assets, including the assets supporting minor's trusts.*

Administrative Fee Waived
Mutual of America Financial Group will waive the employer-paid administrative charge for plans with more than $1 million in assets.
*Investment advisory services offered through Mutual of America Capital Management LLC, a registered investment adviser and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Mutual of America Life Insurance Company.

Providing Expertise for Your Governmental Retirement Plans
With more than 75 years' experience, we can provide support to help your employees achieve a secure financial future.
Retirement plans we offer
Our representatives work with businesses to help your employees achieve retirement readiness through flexible retirement plan designs.

401(k) For governmental 401(k) plans established prior to 1986.
401(a)
457(b)
414(h)
Services we provide
FOR YOUR ORGANIZATION

Experienced team of specialists to help design cost-effective retirement plans
Diverse choice of investment funds
Payroll integration, online enrollment and automated compliance services
FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES

Customized awareness and engagement communications
On-site and virtual enrollment meetings
Superior customer service
Education regarding their retirement plan and saving for retirement

Values-Based Retirement Options for You and Your Employees
Mutual of America Financial Group provides plan sponsors with comprehensive retirement plan investment options that can align with the values of your organization.

We believe saving for retirement and your organization's values don't have to be mutually exclusive. A Mutual of America representative can help you design your plan (ERISA or non-ERISA) so you can include certain investment options to fit your employees' needs. We offer Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) funds as well as faith-based investment choices.
Advantages for you
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Funds
ESG investment options allow your employees to invest in funds that your organization is ethically aligned with. Our representatives will help you design a plan through which you can choose investment funds, like the Calvert¹ suite and Neuberger Berman fund², that are sensitive to a variety of ESG-related issues.

Faith-Based Offerings
Mutual of America Financial Group makes available Ave Maria³ funds for organizations that may have participants who prefer to invest in companies that comply with the standards of the Catholic Advisory Board as well as the Mutual of America Catholic Values Index Fund⁴.

In addition, we have teamed up with Investing for Catholics (IFC) to create a combined solution that offers Catholic-focused investment portfolios.

Peace of Mind
Saving for retirement and investing in what you believe in, shouldn't have to be mutually exclusive. We have options to help employees choose investments that align with their goals and personal values.
This suite of funds include Calvert US Large Cap Core Rspnb Idx R6, Calvert US Mid Cap Core Rspnb Idx 1, Calvert Bond R6 and Calvert International Responsible Idx R6.
This refers to the Neuberger Berman Sustainable Eq R6 fund.
This refers to the Ave Maria Rising Dividend Fund and Ave Maria Bond.
This refers to our Mutual of America Catholic Values Index.

Comprehensive Customer Services
We offer the cost-efficiency and transparency of a full-service provider.
Support for Plan Sponsors
Our local representatives offer comprehensive administrative support, including on-site employee enrollment, education and communication services. For greater ease and efficiency, our web-based plan administration portal offers:

Payroll Integration – Eliminates the need for repetitive data entry

Online Enrollment – Makes it quicker and easier to enroll employees

Online Salary Deferral – Enables employees to review and change their deferral rate through My Account

Automatic Enrollment – Increases employees' participation in your 401(k) or 403(b) plan

Remittance Processing – Provides the convenience of electronic funds transfer (EFT) for contributions and plan loans

Automated Compliance Services – Gives access to easy-to-use, signature-ready Form 5500 services and non-discrimination testing tools

Online Reports – Allows plan and participant transaction reports to be downloaded, and also as an Excel document

Plan Communications – Delivers important plan, system and regulatory news and updates

Protection for Defined Contribution Plan Fiduciaries
As evidence of the confidence we have in our selection and monitoring process for the investment funds we make available, we will indemnify a Plan Sponsor/Fiduciary who maintains and contributes to a Defined Contribution Plan with us against liability, losses or reasonable related expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) arising from investment-related fiduciary claims brought against the Plan Sponsor/Fiduciary concerning the available investment funds, subject to certain terms and conditions. These claims may include:

Breach by the Plan Sponsor/Fiduciary of ERISA's or a substantially similar law's prudence and/or diversification requirements in its selection and monitoring of the investment funds.
Failure by the investment options offered under the Company's investment menu to meet ERISA Section 404(c)'s "broad range of investment alternatives" requirements, to the extent applicable.
Failure by any Qualified Default Investment Alternatives (QDIAs) offered under the Company's investment menu to meet one of the Department of Labor's investment product requirements for QDIAs under ERISA.
For a copy of the indemnification terms and conditions document, or for questions about your fiduciary obligations, please call your local Mutual of America office or 800.468.3785.

Support for Your Employees
We also help participants as they prepare for a more financially secure future through account-related services and educational tools, including:

Participant Account Representatives – Provide on-site employee enrollment, as well as group and one-on-one education about their retirement plan.
Online Participant Account Access – Allows your employees to review their account information and investment performance, change investment allocations, transfer savings and investments online at no cost,* and view their personal rate of return and recent financial transactions.
Educational Tools – Give employees access to retirement calculators, informative articles and more through Insights & Tools at mutualofamerica.com.
View Retirement Calculators

*Subject to the Company's Frequent Transfer Policy.

Full Range of Retirement Savings and Services
Mutual of America can help employees meet their unique savings goals by providing educational resources, helping them with their workplace retirement plan, and discussing retirement savings opportunities outside of their workplace plan.
Investment portfolios to meet risk tolerance, needs and objectives
Plan participants can construct their own portfolios using the savings and investment options offered by Mutual of America, including proprietary and non-proprietary funds. Our investment options are made available after a careful review and screening process. Before an investment company or its fund is added to the array of options we make available, Mutual of America evaluates a number of important criteria. They include:

A reputation for expertise and stability
Demonstrated research capabilities
Standards of ethical business practices
An adherence to each investment’s stated investment objective
Fund offerings with competitive historical performance
Reasonable investment management fees
We offer a diverse choice of investment strategies and styles of management, including:

Equity
Fixed income
Money market
Balanced funds
Target-Date retirement funds
Asset allocation funds

Payroll Integration
Simplify your retirement plan administration.

Our Payroll Integration (PI) services include:

Automated contribution processing and loan remittances
Payroll dashboard
Customizable reports
Self-administered secure portal
Demographic updates
Eligibility reporting
Automated communication

With Payroll Integration, you boost the accuracy of your data and eliminate the need for repetitive, manual data entry. This makes administering the plan much easier, and it frees up your employees to focus on other important areas of your business.

Payroll Integration provides a secure process for transferring employee information from your payroll file to your retirement plan. Built for flexibility, our system has two payroll options: Premier and Standard.

Online Retirement Plan Enrollment
Make it easier to administer your employer-sponsored retirement plan.

Easier for employers
Online enrollment streamlines your organization’s back-office administrative requirements with:

Employee Data Uploads – Transfer employee information to the online retirement plan
Reduced Enrollment Errors – Through data uploads and employee verification of data
Lower Administrative Costs – Eliminate time-consuming data entry
Payroll Deduction Elections – Streamline your paperwork and recordkeeping
Management Reports – Track enrollment progress and salary deferral elections more efficiently
Online Salary Deferral Elections – Opt-in to allow employees to review and change their deferral rate through My Account
Easier for your employees
With our secure, user-friendly website, your employees can self-enroll in minutes. After receiving their passcode, employees can:

Review, update and confirm their existing enrollment data
Elect their salary deferral by dollar amount or percentage of salary
Select how their contributions are allocated among savings and investment options
Designate their spousal beneficiaries
Sign up for Mutual of America's eDocuments program to receive documents electronically. When you sign up for eDocuments, read the terms and conditions for the eDocuments program carefully. You will no longer receive paper documents that are made available to you through eDocuments. You have the right to revoke your eDocuments consent at any time—either online or by calling us.
Your employees can also access:
Detailed information about their savings and investment options
Fund performance
Their personal rate of return
Valuable educational information about saving and planning for retirement, including retirement-planning calculators*
Timely reports for Plan Administrators
A variety of reports are available to help plan administrators manage the online enrollment process. This includes the Salary Deferral Change Report, which collects employee salary deferral elections for your payroll department.

You should consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the investment funds and, if applicable, the variable annuity contract, carefully before investing. This and other information is contained in the funds' prospectuses and summary prospectuses and the contract prospectus or brochure, if applicable, which can be obtained by calling 800.468.3785 or visiting mutualofamerica.com. Read them carefully before investing.

*Information and interactive calculators are made available as self-help tools for independent use and are not intended to provide investment advice. We cannot and do not guarantee their applicability or accuracy in regard to individual circumstances. All examples are hypothetical and are for illustrative purposes only. We encourage individuals to seek personalized advice from qualified professionals regarding all personal finance issues.

Online Salary Deferral
Offer your employees the added convenience of making salary deferral elections online.*

Your employees can review and change their salary deferral rates
It's easy, it eliminates paper forms, and it's fast. Your employees will receive an immediate email confirmation of their deferral election and see important updates and information about:

Maximum elective deferral limits currently allowed
Catch-up contributions for employees age 50 and older
Ways to save more and prepare for a more secure retirement
Under "My Account," your employees can continue to review their elections and contributions, including:

Date and amount of last contribution
Total contributions for the year-to-date
Contributions by money type (Traditional/Roth and Employee/Employer-Matched)
With Online Salary Deferral, your employees will appreciate their retirement plan even more as a valuable employee benefit.

More efficient for Plan Administrators
Using Online Salary Deferral Elections reduces time-consuming paperwork and recordkeeping for your staff, allowing you to focus more on your business. This self-service approach also frees up your administrative staff from having to review or change elections. You can choose to offer Online Salary Deferral Elections for both Traditional and Roth contributions, and allow both dollar and percentage contributions, or only dollar or percentage contributions.

Stay on top with a daily summary
Each business day, we will send you an email summarizing all deferral rate changes made by your employees during the previous day. To help you identify if a change was made during the weekend or a holiday, the email will also include the date such changes were made. A Deferral Rate Changes Report for payroll administration is also available through the online retirement plan administration system we provide, which can be accessed conveniently through the internet.

For more information about how to add Online Salary Deferral Elections to your retirement plan, call your local Mutual of America office or 866.954.4321 for the office nearest you.

Automatic Enrollment
Help your employees maximize their retirement savings.

Automatic enrollment arrangements can provide an easy way for 401(k) and 403(b) plan sponsors to increase employee participation. Mutual of America offers three types:

Automatic Contribution Arrangement (ACA)
Eligible Automatic Contribution Arrangement (EACA)
Qualified Automatic Contribution Arrangement (QACA)
Mutual of America's Automatic Enrollment Arrangements	QACA	EACA	ACA
Plan may include a QDIA on its investment menu1	Yes	Yes	Yes
Meets safe harbor employer contribution requirement2	Yes	No	No
Minimum or maximum deferral percentage required3	Yes	No	No
May include a 90-day opt-out provision4	Yes	Yes	No
Employer contributions must be 100% vested after no more than two years of service5	Yes	No	No
Annual QDIA notice to eligible employees required6	Yes	Yes	Yes
Hardship withdrawals of employer contributions permitted	Yes	Yes	Yes
 

To learn more about Mutual of America's automatic enrollment arrangements, including plan amendment and notice requirements, call your local Mutual of America office or 800.468.3785 today.

You should consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the investment funds and, if applicable, the variable annuity contract, carefully before investing. This and other information is contained in the funds' prospectuses and summary prospectuses and the contract prospectus or brochure, if applicable, which can be obtained by calling 800.468.3785 or visiting mutualofamerica.com. Read them carefully before investing.

1 Pursuant to DOL regulations, QDIAs are default investments that, if used by defined contribution plans, profit-sharing plans, and 401(k) and 403(b) plans, the plan fiduciary may not incur liability for investment losses as a result of investing participant elective deferrals in such investments without an affirmative deferral election or investment election from the participant.↵

2 Minimum employer contributions: Employer Non-Matching is 3% of employee’s compensation. Employer Matching is at least 100% of the first 1% and 50% of the next 5% of compensation deferred by the employee. Maximum employer match is 6%.↵

3 For QACAs, the minimum default deferral percentage cannot be less than 3% during the first full plan year, 4% during the second plan year, 5% during the third plan year and 6% thereafter. Maximum deferral percentage is 15% (e.g., if an employee is hired in April of the current plan year, they would be subject to the 3% deferral percentage for the remainder of the current plan year as well as the following plan year).↵

4 For EACAs and QACAs, participants may be able to opt-out and withdraw deferrals made by automatic contribution (plus or minus earnings) without penalty for up to 90 days after the date of the first automatic deferral.↵

5 Employee elective deferrals are always 100% vested.↵

6 For purposes of the notice that must be provided to eligible employees, Mutual of America will provide such notice on behalf of plan sponsors using our mutual fund/trust platform. For plan sponsors using our group annuity contract, we provide a sample notice. Both notices include the following required information: a description of the Qualified Default Investment Alternative, the investment objectives, risk/return characteristics, fees and expenses.↵

Personal Service
Like many individuals today, your employees may have concerns about planning and saving for the future. Perhaps they have questions about how to maximize their retirement plan benefits, understand the effects of taxes and inflation, or preserve wealth for their loved ones. We’re here to help.

In each of our local offices, representatives are available to provide your employees with education to help them with their long-term financial goals at no additional cost. Our representatives are salaried employees who don't work on commission, and will meet with your employees individually or over the phone, as well as conduct group meetings where they work. They are ready to provide:

Retirement income option review to discuss payout options available, as well as to educate your employees on strategies for managing their retirement savings, and important federal regulations pertaining to minimum distributions.
Account updates to be sure we have your employees' current account information and beneficiary designations.
Information about account consolidation to help your employees make a transfer or rollover into their Mutual of America retirement plan.
Before making a transfer, your employees should review the accounts they have with other providers to determine the fees and expenses they currently pay and whether there are any surrender charges that may result and to ensure that it is in their best interest to transfer their other accounts to their current plan.

To contact a representative, your employees can call 800.468.3785.

All Retirement Plans
Mutual of America offers services for a wide variety of retirement plans for employers and organizations of all sizes.

We make these available through either a mutual fund/trust platform or a group variable annuity contract.

Mutual of America delivers the cost-efficiency of a full-service provider—one company to help you meet your plan investment, communication and administrative responsibilities.

Since 1945, employers have turned to Mutual of America to help plan for retirement and meet the long-term financial objectives of their employees.

401(k) Plan
The 401(k) plan is a defined contribution retirement plan that enables employees to save for their retirement with salary deferrals. Many plan sponsors contribute a base and/or a matching contribution amount up to a certain percentage to further encourage employee participation and retention, enhance employee financial well-being and attract new talent.

VIEW 401(K) PLAN
403(b) Plan
403(b) plans operate much like the 401(k) plan, but may only be offered by certain tax-exempt organizations, like churches and other non-profit agencies, and public schools.

VIEW 403(B) PLAN
401(a) Plan
This employer-sponsored defined contribution retirement plan is available to governmental, for-profit and nonprofit employers. Employers are not obligated to make contributions each year, but there must be recurring and substantial contributions.

VIEW 401(A) PLAN
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
Mutual of America's Section 457(b) Eligible Deferred Compensation plans are available to nonprofit and governmental employers. Section 457(b) Eligible Deferred Compensation plans accept contributions from both employers and plan participants, as appropriate.

VIEW 457 PLAN

401(k) Retirement Savings Plan overview
Providing the information you need to open a plan with Mutual of America today.

What is a 401(k) Plan?
The 401(k) is one of the most popular forms of defined contribution retirement savings plans. Employees who participate in the plan make contributions, usually through payroll deductions. 401(k) plan sponsors often make a base and/or matching contribution.


Employers and employees benefit from the 401(k) plan in many ways
Benefits for employers
Funded in part from dollars paid as salary, and employer contributions (which are tax-deductible), up to certain statutory limits
Helps attract and retain quality employees
Helps your employees build retirement security
Benefits for your employees
Easy to save through payroll deduction
Choice of how much to save, subject to applicable lRS limits
Savings amounts can be adjusted as needs change
May reduce taxable income
Defers taxes on the amount saved and earned, until the participant receives benefits, unless received as tax-free qualified Roth distributions. Generally, withdrawals are subject to income tax at your ordinary income tax rate at the time of withdrawal and may be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty unless certain exceptions apply.
The support you receive with our 401(k) plan
Our services, designed for the service level you select, include:

Plan document services, including plan documents, restatements, amendments, Summary Plan Descriptions and Summary of Material Modification.
Recordkeeping and other administrative services, such as receiving and processing periodic payroll feeds to participant accounts based on information provided by you or your payroll provider, processing new participant enrollments, maintaining plan and individual account records, executing participant-initiated investment transactions, processing participant requests related to loans and distributions, providing participant access to accounts and providing a plan sponsor website with access to participant-level and plan-level information.
lnvestment-related services, including making investment options available from which you or your investment fiduciary may select an investment menu to be made available to your plan participants.
Employee education, communication and enrollment.
Your local Mutual of America office can provide a complete list of the services we provide.

CONTACT US

Designated Roth 401(k) Contribution feature
Enhance your employees' retirement planning choices by providing them with an additional option to make Designated Roth 401(k) Contributions on an "after-tax" basis under your retirement plan. Qualified distributions1 from designated Roth accounts are completely free of federal tax.

Distributions from Designated Roth Accounts that don't meet the requirements described above will be taxed as ordinary income to the extent attributable to earnings, and may also be subject to a 10% early-distribution tax penalty.

HOW TO QUALIFY

Investment earnings on Designated Roth Contributions must be received after a five-taxable-year period that begins on January 1 of the year of your first designated Roth contribution.
WHO IS QUALIFIED

Employees 59½ or older.
Employees who have become disabled or passed away.

403(b) Plan
Providing the information you need to get started with Mutual of America today.

What is a 403(b) plan?
403(b) plans are employer-sponsored retirement savings plans that operate much like the 401(k) plan.

A 403(b) plan may only be sponsored by:

Public school systems.
Certain tax-exempt organizations, such as churches and nonprofit organizations.

Employers and employees can benefit from a 403(b) plan in many ways
Benefits for employers
Funded in part from dollars paid as salary and employer contributions, up to certain statutory limits.
Helps attract and retain quality employees.
Helps your employees build retirement security.
Benefits for employees
Easy to save through payroll deduction.
Choice of how much to save, subject to applicable lRS limits.
Savings amounts can be adjusted as needs change.
May reduce taxable income.
Defers taxes on the amount saved and earned, until the participant receives benefits. Generally, withdrawals are subject to income tax at a participant's ordinary income tax rate at the time of withdrawal and may be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty, unless an exception applies.

The support you receive with our 403(b) plan
Our administrative services, designed for the service level you select, include:

Plan documents, amendments, restatements and Summary Plan Description.
Recordkeeping and other administrative services, including those required to comply with 403(b) regulations.
lnvestment-related services, including making investment options available from which you or your investment fiduciary may select an investment menu to be made available to your plan participants.
Employee education, communication and enrollment.
Your local Mutual of America office can provide a complete list of services we provide.

CONTACT US

Designated Roth 403(b) Contribution feature
Enhance your employees' retirement planning choices by providing them with an additional option to make Designated Roth 403(b) Contributions on an after-tax basis, under your retirement plan. Qualified distributions1 from designated Roth accounts are completely free of federal tax. 

Distributions from Designated Roth Accounts that don’t meet the requirements described above will be taxed as ordinary income to the extent attributable to earnings, and may also be subject to a 10% early-distribution tax penalty.

401(a) Retirement Plan overview
What is a 401(a) Plan?
401(a) plans are employer-sponsored defined contribution retirement plans available to governmental, for-profit and not-for-profit employers. While employers are not obligated to make contributions each year, there must be recurring and substantial contributions. Like other defined contribution plans, the benefit each employee receives depends on how much is in their individual 401(a) account at retirement. 401(a) plans generally do not allow employee salary deferral contributions.


Employers and employees benefit from the 401(a) plan in many ways:
Benefits for employers
Helps attract and retain quality employees
Helps employees build retirement security
Benefits for employees
Earnings are not taxed until they are withdrawn. Generally, withdrawals are subject to income tax at your ordinary income tax rate at the time of withdrawal, and may be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty, unless an exception applies.
The support you receive with our 401(a) plan
Our services, designed for the service level you select, include:

Plan document services, including plan documents, restatements, amendments, Summary Plan Descriptions, and Summaries of Material Modification.
Recordkeeping and other administrative services, such as receiving employee information provided by you or your payroll provider, processing new participant enrollment, maintaining plan and individual account records, executing participant-initiated investment transactions, processing participant requests related to loans and distributions, providing participant access to accounts, and providing a plan sponsor website with access to participant-level and plan-level information.
lnvestment-related services, including making investment options available from which you or your investment fiduciary may select an investment menu to be made available to your plan participants.
Employee education, communication and enrollment.
Your local Mutual of America office can provide a complete list of the services we provide.

457 Deferred Compensation Plans overview
Providing the information you need to get started with Mutual of America today.

What are Section 457 Deferred Compensation Plans?
There are two types of Section 457(b) plans:

Governmental 457(b) – offered by governmental entities to all employees. These plans are very similar to qualified defined contribution plans, like 401(k) and 403(b) plans.
Nongovernmental 457(b) – offered by tax-exempt employers to a select group of management or highly compensated employees. These nonqualified deferred compensation plans are not made available to all employees and are generally used as an add-on for executives. Assets remain the property of the employer and are subject to claims of the employer’s creditors.

Employers and employees benefit from the 457 plans in many ways:
Benefits for employers
Helps attract and retain quality employees.
Helps your employees build retirement security.
Benefits for employees
Contributions are made on a pretax basis.
Contributions may also be made by employers.
Amounts deferred under the plan, as well as any investment earnings, are not taxed until they are withdrawn, at which time they are taxed as ordinary income.
The support you receive with our 457 plans
Our services, designed for the service level you select, include:

Recordkeeping and other administrative services.
Employee education, communication and enrollment.
Your local Mutual of America office can provide a complete list of the services we provide.

CONTACT US

457 Plan highlights
Governmental Section 457(b) Deferred Compensation Plan
For employees of state and local governments.
Assets held for exclusive benefit of employees.
Plans offered by Mutual of America accept salary deferrals only.
Contributions subject to annual limits.
Section 457(b) Deferred Compensation Plan
For employees of tax-exempt organizations.
Limited to management and highly compensated employees.
Plan is unfunded.
Assets are subject to claims of employer's creditors.
Contributions subject to annual limits.
Section 457(f) Deferred Compensation Plan
For employees of tax-exempt organizations and eligible municipal employees.
Limited to management and highly compensated employees.
Plan is unfunded.
Assets are subject to claims of employer's creditors.
Interest Account & Investment Options
We offer our products through our Mutual Fund and Annuity platforms. Our 401(k) and 403(b) products are offered on both platforms. Our other Employer Products (i.e., 401(a), 457(b)) and all Individual Products are offered through the Annuity platform only.

For Employers and Their Employees
Mutual Fund
Both of these plans offer retail mutual funds.

401(k)
403(b)
View Materials

Investments and Performance
Prospectuses and Other Important Documents
Annuity
Each of these plans is funded by a group or individual variable annuity contract, as appropriate.

401(k)
403(b)
401(a)
Governmental 457
Simple IRA
Simple 401(k)
View Materials

Investments and Performance
Prospectuses and Other Important Documents
Mutual of America Interest Accumulation Account
Mutual of America's products that are funded by group and individual variable annuity contracts allow for contributions to be allocated among the insurance company's General Account and a diverse choice of Separate Account investment funds. The Separate Account investment funds purchase shares of underlying mutual funds or portfolios, which include the funds of Mutual of America Investment Corporation, or Mutual of America Variable Insurance Portfolio Inc., as applicable; Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Portfolios: Mid Cap, Equity-Income, Asset Manager and Contrafund®; Vanguard Variable Insurance Fund Portfolios: Diversified Value, International, Total Bond Market Index and Real Estate Index; Goldman Sachs VIT Funds: Small Cap Equity Insights, US Equity Insights; American Century Investments® VP Capital Appreciation Fund; American Funds Insurance Series® New World Fund®; Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio; Delaware VIP® Small Cap Value Series; DWS Capital Growth VIP; Invesco V.I. Main Street Fund®; MFS® VIT III Mid Cap Value Portfolio; Neuberger Berman AMT Sustainable Equity Portfolio; PIMCO VIT Real Return Portfolio; T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio; and Victory RS Small Cap Growth Equity VIP Series. These underlying funds or portfolios sell their shares to separate accounts of insurance companies and are not publicly available. Some contracts issued under retirement plans limit the available Investment Funds or restrict their use when contributions for a participant have not vested to the participant.

Mutual of America Separate Account No. 2 is available under individual annuity contracts for Traditional Individual Retirement Annuities, Roth Individual Retirement Annuities, Inherited Individual Retirement Annuities and Flexible Premium Annuities. Additional information about Mutual of America Separate Account No. 2 can be found on this website.

Mutual of America Separate Account No. 1 is available under group annuity contracts for qualified Defined Benefit, Defined Contribution and 401(k) plans. Mutual of America Separate Account No. 2 is available under group annuity contracts for Tax-Deferred Annuities, Section 457 plans and Thrift plans, and under individual annuity contracts for Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) and Savings Incentive Match Plan for Employees of Small Employers (SIMPLE) Individual Retirement Annuities. Additional information about Mutual of America Separate Accounts No. 1 and No. 2 can be found on this website.

You should consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the investment funds and, if applicable, the variable annuity contract, carefully before investing. This and other information is contained in the funds' prospectuses and summary prospectuses and the contract prospectus or brochure, if applicable, which can be obtained by calling 800.468.3785 or visiting mutualofamerica.com. Read them carefully before investing.

Mutual of America's group and individual retirement products that are variable annuity contracts are suitable for long-term investing, particularly for retirement savings. The value of a variable annuity contract will fluctuate depending on the performance of the Separate Account investment options you choose. Upon redemption, you could receive more or less than the principal amount invested. A variable annuity contract provides no additional tax-deferred treatment of benefits beyond the treatment provided to any qualified retirement plan or IRA by applicable tax law. You should consider a variable annuity contract's other features before making a decision.

Mutual of America also offers other products such as group annuity contracts for defined contribution, defined benefit and 401(k) plans. These contracts allow for contributions to be allocated to the funds of Mutual of America Separate Account No. 1. For information on these Mutual of America products, including charges and expenses, please contact us at 800.468.3785 for a brochure and prospectus. Read them carefully before you invest.




