Comprehensive Group Health Plan
Mutual of America provides full-time employees and their eligible dependents comprehensive health care benefits. For medical coverage, employees have a choice of enrolling in the Anthem Exclusive Provider Organization Option (EPO) or the Anthem Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) Option. For dental and vision coverage, employees can elect the Dental/Vision Base or Dental/Vision Plus Option. All plans are provided to participating employees and coverage under each plan begins on the first day of employment if the employee elects to participate. However, please note that interns are in a waiting period and not yet eligible for health coverage for their first 90 calendar days of employment.
Employees may wish to enroll eligible dependents with their coverage, and they may be able to make salary reduction contributions throughout the plan year on a pre-tax basis. Eligible dependents under the Comprehensive Group Health Plan include your spouse or domestic partner, and children of yourself or your spouse or domestic partner. To qualify as an eligible dependent, your spouse must be a person of the same or opposite gender to whom you are married, and from whom you are not divorced or legally separated under applicable state law. A Domestic Partner of an eligible employee means a person of the same or opposite gender whom the eligible employee identifies as their Domestic Partner in a registration statement filed with the Plan in which both parties meet the required conditions. Each child must be under age 26; or unmarried and unable to support themselves due to a physical or mental condition that began prior to age 26.
If you elect a Family Coverage Option, and would like to enroll different dependents under the medical or dental plans, please contact the Employee Benefits Department. You have the option to elect to cover a Domestic Partner, or the eligible child or children (as described above) of a Domestic Partner (who is not your child); however, doing so may have adverse tax consequences for you. To register a Domestic Partner, you will be required to provide certain documentation to verify the relationship. For more information on these requirements, and the possible tax implications for enrolling a Domestic Partner, please review the following: Tax Information About Employee Health Plan Coverage Of Domestic Partners and Their Children. Please contact Employee Benefits with any questions.
As part of Health Care Reform, employers are required to provide a Summary of Benefits and Coverage (SBC) to all plan participants. The purpose of the SBC is to provide individuals with standard information so that they can compare different medical plans as they make decisions about which plan to choose. The SBCs are updated and distributed each time we make certain changes to our medical benefits, otherwise they will be provided annually during Open Enrollment and also upon request.
The following are some features that you can consider when deciding which options will best suit your needs. Please refer to the Health Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD) for more details.
MEDICAL PLAN OPTIONS:
• EPO Option
• PPO Option
   Page 1 of 21
EPO Option:
Includes Anthem’s Blue Cross and Blue Shield’s National Exclusive Provider Organization (EPO), which provides medical and hospital coverage. Prescription drug coverage is provided through CVS/Caremark, our pharmacy benefit manager. The EPO Option provides in-network benefits only; there are NO out of network benefits.
The contribution charges per pay period for 2023 that an employee must pay by payroll deduction are as follows:
COVERAGE OPTION
EPO Option/Individual Coverage EPO Option /Family Coverage
 Deductible
There is no deductible.
NON-OFFICERS
$ 35 $ 140
OFFICERS
$ 47 $ 185
                 Emergency Room and Hospital Admissions
Visits to the emergency room require a $150 co-payment per visit. If you are admitted to the hospital within 24 hours, the emergency room co-payment is waived, but you are required to pay the hospital admission co-payment. For hospital admissions, members are required to pay the $150 per admission co-payment. Under the EPO option, precertification is required for inpatient hospital services. A maximum co-payment of $400 per member will be charged for hospital admissions per calendar year.
 Office Visits and Ancillary Service Fees
You are required to utilize the services of physicians and other service providers who participate in the Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield’s National Exclusive Provider Organization (EPO) network. Visit Anthem’s website to locate participating providers: www.anthem.com. No referrals are required for visits to a specialist, however certain services require pre-certification. Because you must use providers that are in the EPO network, all medical, and ancillary service claims are submitted directly to Anthem by the providers. You will be responsible only for the applicable co-payment, which is $25 for an office visit.
There is also a co-payment of $50 per visit for radiology services performed in a stand-alone facility (which does not include an outpatient hospital facility) and a co-payment of $150 per visit for radiology service performed in an outpatient hospital facility. Radiology services include MRI’s, CAT Scan’s, X-ray’s, etc. For non-radiology services performed in an outpatient hospital facility, there will be a co-payment of $50 per service. These non-radiology services will include office visits, physical therapy, blood tests performed in an outpatient hospital facility, etc.
For a schedule of co-payments and more detailed information regarding this plan, please consult the EPO Benefits Summary portion of the Health Plan SPD.
 Out-of-Pocket Maximum
Under the EPO Option, the participant’s annual out-of-pocket maximum will be $2,500 for individual coverage and $5,000 for family coverage. Benefits will be payable at 100% of the in-network cost once the applicable annual out-of-pocket maximum is met, and no further medical copayments will be required. The annual out-of-pocket maximum pertains to medical copayments only; it does not apply to copayments under the Prescription Drug Plan. It also does not include charges in excess of the Maximum Allowed Amount or Non-Covered Services.
    Page 2 of 21

PPO Option:
Includes Anthem’s Blue Cross and Blue Shield’s National Preferred Provider Organization (PPO), which provides medical and hospital coverage. Prescription drug coverage is provided through CVS/Caremark, our pharmacy benefit manager. The PPO Option provides both in-network and out of network benefits.
The contribution charges per pay period for 2023 that an employee must pay by payroll deduction are as follows:
COVERAGE OPTION
PPO Option/Individual Coverage PPO Option /Family Coverage
NON-OFFICERS
$ 70 $ 215
OFFICERS
$ 90 $ 290
                Deductible
The PPO Option has an annual deductible of $750 per individual and $1,500 per family when you see an In-Network provider. There is a separate annual deductible of $1,000 per individual and $2,000 per family when you see an Out-of-Network provider. Non-covered services and charges in excess of the Maximum Allowed Amount do not count toward the deductible.
 Coinsurance
After meeting the annual deductible, participants will be reimbursed for 90% of their in-network cost and out-of-network services will be reimbursed at 75% of Anthem’s Maximum Allowed Amount. For in-network services, you will be responsible for the 10% coinsurance and for out-of-network services, you will be responsible for the 25% coinsurance and any amount over Anthem’s Maximum Allowed Amount. This amount could be substantial. Visit Anthem’s website to locate in-network providers at www.anthem.com.
 Emergency Room and Hospital Admissions
Visits to the emergency room require a $150 co-payment per visit. If you are admitted to the hospital within 24 hours, the emergency room co-payment is waived, but you are required to pay the hospital admission co-payment. For hospital admissions, members are required to pay the $150 per admission co-payment. Under the PPO option, precertification is required for inpatient hospital services. A maximum co-payment of $400 per member will be charged for hospital admissions per calendar year.
 Office Visits and Ancillary Service Fees
Under the PPO Option, you may visit health care providers in or out of the Anthem’s Blue Cross and Blue Shield’s National Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) network. No referrals are required for visits to a specialist, however certain services require pre-certification.
 Annual Out-of-Pocket Maximum
Under the PPO Option, the participant’s annual out-of-pocket maximum will be $2,500 for individual coverage and $5,000 for family coverage. Benefits will be payable at 100% of the in-network cost or Anthem’s allowable amount once the annual out-of-pocket maximum is met. Any charges billed by the provider in excess of the Anthem allowable amount will be the patient’s responsibility. The annual out-of-pocket maximum pertains to covered medical benefits only; it does not apply to copayments under the Prescription Drug Plan. It also does not include charges in excess of the Maximum Allowed Amount or Non-Covered Services.
The annual deductible paid is applied towards the out-of-pocket maximum.
       Page 3 of 21

For a schedule of co-payments and coinsurances plus more detailed information regarding this plan, please review the PPO Benefits Summary.
Anthem LiveHealth Online (LHO)
LHO is a telemedicine service offered by Anthem that allows health plan members to connect “face-to-face” with board-certified, In-Network doctors via the internet, using a computer, tablet or mobile device, to discuss minor illnesses or injuries. This service will cost employees and their eligible dependents in the EPO and PPO medical options a $10 co-payment for each online visit.
You will need to register at www.livehealthonline.com or download the free LiveHealth Online app to your mobile device and create your LiveHealth Online account. You will need to enter information such as your health insurance identification and method of payment.
Telehealth
Telehealth is a telemedicine service offered by Anthem that allows health plan members to connect to their health care professionals by two-way video or live chat using a smartphone, tablet or computer with a webcam. You will be responsible only for the applicable co-payment, which is $25 for an office visit under the EPO option. Once the annual deductible is met under the PPO option you will be responsible for the in and out of network coinsurance.
Please confirm with your doctor’s office to see if telehealth visits are available.
Telephonic
Telephonic is a telemedicine service offered by Anthem that allows health plan members to connect to their health care professionals by telephone only. You will be responsible only for the applicable co-payment, which is $25 for an office visit under the EPO option. Once the annual deductible is met under the PPO option you will be responsible for the in and out of network coinsurance.
Please confirm with your doctor’s office to see if telephonic visits are available.
Prescription Drug Plan (Included With Either Medical Option)
Both medical options include prescription drug coverage through CVS/Caremark. There are no out-of-network benefits under the prescription drug plan; all prescriptions must be filled at a Participating Network Pharmacy, CVS Caremark Mail Service Pharmacy or through the CVS Specialty Pharmacy. The pharmacy benefit offers a three-tier co-payment. When utilizing a participating Retail pharmacy, members can receive a 30-day supply for one co-payment.
 Mandatory CVS Caremark Maintenance Choice Program
If you are prescribed a maintenance medication, you will be required to use the CVS Caremark Maintenance Choice program (by pick up from a local CVS pharmacy or by mail order) to obtain your maintenance prescriptions, which are medicines needed for daily use to treat chronic or long-term conditions. This program will save you time by making fewer trips to the pharmacy, and save you money by charging lower co-payments.
The CVS Caremark Maintenance Choice program allows you to receive up to a 90-day supply at either a local CVS Retail Pharmacy or through the CVS Caremark Mail Service pharmacy.
 Page 4 of 21

There is no extra charge for using the mail order service, and standard shipping is free. The Maintenance Choice Program combines the cost savings of mail order with the convenience of picking up your medication immediately at a local CVS Pharmacy.
 CVS Caremark Specialty Pharmacy
Specialty drugs are typically high-cost medications often given by injection or infusion to treat complex or chronic conditions. In most cases these medications require special handling and patients may need ongoing clinical assessment to help manage the challenging side effects caused by these mediations. All specialty medications are managed through the CVS Caremark Enhanced Specialty Guideline Management program and administered by the CVS Specialty Pharmacy.
 ToenrollintheMailOrderProgram,completetheCVS/CaremarkMailServiceOrderForm
 To pick up your prescription at your local CVS, please update your pharmacy information
with your provider.
The co-payments for Retail, Maintenance Choice and Specialty prescriptions are detailed below.
     Generic
Preferred Brand Drugs Non-Preferred Brand Drugs
Network Retail Pharmacy
(Up to 30-day supply)
$10 $40 $75
CVS Caremark Maintenance Choice (Up to 30-day supply)
$25
$90 $170
Specialty Pharmacy
(Up to 30-day supply)
$40
$90 $125
                CVS Caremark publishes a list of covered drugs and “Preferred” drugs, which are subject to change every year. Please contact CVS Caremark for more information.
Your Anthem medical card will contain your pharmacy benefits information which can be used at any CVS/Caremark participating pharmacy. CVS/Caremark’s pharmacy network includes many major chains as well as many independent drug stores.
 Annual Prescription Drug Out-of-Pocket Maximum
Under the Prescription Drug Program the participant’s annual out-of-pocket maximum limit on co-payments made during a Plan Year will be $2,500 for individual coverage and $5,000 for family coverage. Once the applicable out-of-pocket maximum is met for a given Plan Year, no co-payment will be required for the remainder of the Plan Year.
For more information on the pharmacy benefits please review the enclosed Mutual of America CVS/Caremark Prescription Summary of Benefits.
Dental/Vision Options:
• Dental/Vision Base Option
• Dental/Vision Plus Option
Dental/Vision Base Option:
Includes Delta Dental Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) Base coverage and Anthem Blue View Vision coverage.
  Page 5 of 21

The contribution charges per pay period for 2023 that an employee must pay by payroll deduction are as follows:
COVERAGE OPTION
Dental/Vision Base Option - Individual Coverage Dental/Vision Base Option - Family Coverage
Dental Coverage
NON-OFFICERS
$ 6 $ 15
OFFICERS
$ 10 $ 25
             Deductible and Coverage
Services provided by dentists in the Delta Dental network are not subject to any deductible. If you visit a non-participating dentist, however, a deductible may apply. Reimbursement for qualified services are paid at varying percentages based upon the type of service you receive up to a maximum annual benefit of $1,500 per person. Reimbursement percentages are based on Delta Dental’s PPO contracted fees for PPO network dentists, or Delta Dental’s Premier contracted fees for Premier network dentists and for non-participating dentists (out of network), Delta Dental’s allowed amount is based on their Premier network rate schedule. If you use an out of network provider, you may be responsible for any amount billed over the Delta Dental allowed amount.
 Diagnostic & Preventative - Exams, Cleanings, X-rays Basic - Fillings, Root Canals, Oral Surgery
Major - Crowns, Bridges, Dentures
Dental Implants
100% 80% 50% Not covered
          Qualified Orthodontic Expenses are covered at 80% of Delta Dental’s contracted fees rates if your Orthodontist participates with Delta Dental’s network or at 80% of Delta Dentals allowed amount if the provider is non-participating. Reimbursement will not exceed $3,000 per person per lifetime.
Dental/Vision Plus Option:
Includes Delta Dental Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) Plus coverage and Anthem Blue View Vision coverage.
The contribution charges per pay period for 2023 that an employee must pay by payroll deduction are as follows:
COVERAGE OPTION
Dental/Vision Plus Option - Individual Coverage Dental/Vision Plus Option - Family Coverage
Dental Coverage
NON-OFFICERS
$ 15 $ 45
OFFICERS
$ 20 $ 50
                Deductible and Coverage
Services provided by dentists in the Delta Dental network are not subject to any deductible. If you visit a non-participating dentist, however, a deductible may apply. Reimbursement for qualified services are paid at varying percentages based upon the level of service you receive up to a maximum annual benefit of $2,800 per person. Reimbursement percentages are based on PPO contracted fees for PPO dentists, Premier contracted fees for Premier dentists and Premier contracted fees for non-Delta Dental dentists. If you use an out of network provider, you may be responsible for any amount billed over the Delta Dental allowed amount.
 Page 6 of 21

Diagnostic & Preventative - Exams, Cleanings, X-rays 100%
Basic - Fillings, Root Canals, Oral Surgery 80% Major - Crowns, Bridges, Dentures 80% Dental Implants 80%
Qualified Orthodontic Expenses are covered at 80% of Delta Dental’s negotiated rates if your Orthodontist participates with Delta Dental or at 80% of covered charges if the provider is non-participating. Reimbursement will not exceed $3,000 per person per lifetime.
 Delta Dental Provider Network (Same Network for Base and Plus Option)
You may visit any licensed dentist you choose, but you can decrease your out-of-pocket costs by choosing a Delta Dental participating dentist.
Providers can participate in two different Delta Dental networks: the Delta Dental PPO and the Delta Dental Premier network. Your choice of dentist can determine the cost savings you receive. Delta Dental PPO participating dentists are paid a negotiated maximum allowance that is generally lower than the Delta Dental Premier maximum allowance. This means that your out-of-pocket responsibility may be higher when using a Delta Dental Premier dentist. Participating dentists are paid directly by Delta Dental and by contract cannot bill you for more than the approved co-insurance or deductibles (if any) for the services provided.
After you have met the applicable deductible, non-participating dentists are paid the Delta Dental Premier maximum allowance which may be less than the amount you were charged. The benefit payment is sent directly to you and it will be your responsibility to pay the provider the difference between submitted charges and the Delta dental payment, plus any applicable co-payments and deductibles.
Visit www.deltadentalins.com to locate providers that participate in the Delta Dental PPO and the Delta Dental Premier networks.
For a schedule of co-insurance payments and more detailed information regarding these plans, please consult the Delta Dental Base and Plus Summary.
Vision Coverage (Same Coverage for Base and Plus Options)
 Deductible
There is no deductible.
 Networks and Services
Under the vision coverage, you may visit vision care providers in or out of the Anthem Blue View Vision network. If you choose an Anthem Blue View Vision participating provider, you will
receive in-network benefits and discounts. If you choose an out-of-network provider, you will receive an allowance toward certain service and the balance or services not covered out-of- network, will be your responsibility. Your routine vision benefit includes;
 Annual exam – once every calendar year
 Eyeglass frames – once every 2 calendar years
 Eyeglass lenses – once every calendar year
OR
 Contact lenses – once every calendar year
              Page 7 of 21

Please note you are allowed either eyeglass lenses or contact lenses; you will not be able to obtain both benefits in the same calendar year.
*In addition, your vision allowance must be used at the time of initial service. No amount over the allowance may be carried forward to subsequent materials in the same or the following benefit year.
Visit www.anthem.com to locate providers that participate in the Anthem Blue View Vision network.
For a schedule of co-payments and allowances regarding this coverage, please review the Anthem Blue View Vision Summary Sheet.
Comprehensive Group Health Plan Enrollment Procedures:
Please complete the Employee Enrollment & Salary Reduction Authorization Comprehensive Group Health form. On this form please list the names, dates of birth and sex of all of your eligible dependents you choose to enroll in coverage.
Eligible dependents under the Comprehensive Group Health Plan include your spouse or domestic partner, and children of yourself or your spouse or domestic partner. To qualify as an eligible dependent, your spouse must be a person of the same or opposite gender to whom you are married, and from whom you are not divorced or legally separated under applicable state law. A Domestic Partner of an eligible employee means a person of the same or opposite gender whom the eligible employee identifies as their Domestic Partner in a registration statement filed with the Plan in which both parties meet the required conditions. Each child must be under age 26; or unmarried and unable to support themselves due to a physical or mental condition that began prior to age 26.
If you elect a Family Coverage Option, and would like to enroll different dependents under the medical or dental plans, please contact the Employee Benefits Department. You may elect to cover a Domestic Partner, or the eligible child or children of a Domestic Partner (who is not your child), but doing so may have adverse tax consequences for you.
To register a Domestic Partner, you will be required to provide certain documentation to verify the relationship. For more information on these requirements and the tax implications for enrolling a Domestic Partner, please review the following: Tax Information About Employee Health Plan Coverage Of Domestic Partners and Their Children.
When completing the Employee Enrollment & Salary Reduction Authorization Comprehensive Group Health form, you will also be asked to identify your Medical Option and Dental/Vision Option or whether you wish to opt out (decline) coverage. As discussed above, you may choose either the EPO Option or the PPO Option for medical coverage. For dental/vision coverage, employees can elect the Base or Plus Option. Once you have chosen the option that best meets your needs, please indicate (if applicable) whether you wish to cover your eligible dependents.
 If you elect to opt out (decline) coverage, please complete the opt out election section under either medical, dental/vision or all three options. You will need to check the box next to “I elect not to be covered...” and sign and date that section. Do not sign the Salary Reduction Authorization section if you opt out (decline) coverage for all three options.
 If you are electing to cover a Domestic Partner, please read the enclosed Tax Information About Employee Health Plan Coverage Of Domestic Partners and Their Children for
   Page 8 of 21

further information on the taxation of these benefits. In addition, you must also complete and notarize the enclosed Declaration of Domestic Partnership and Registration with Employee Benefits Plans Affidavit.
Generally, you cannot change your Benefit elections under the Comprehensive Group Health Plan and Cafeteria Plan at any time during the Plan Year. Normally, you may change your Benefit elections only during the annual Open Enrollment period, and then only for the upcoming Plan Year. You may, however, make a change to your existing elections for the Plan Year that is on account of and consistent with certain “Change in Circumstances” as described in the Cafeteria Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD), provided that you notify the Employee Benefits Department within the prescribed time period.
Page 9 of 21

Health Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Medical Reimbursement Arrangement
The Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield (“Anthem BCBS”) Health FSA, which is referred to as the Mutual of America Medical Reimbursement Arrangement (MRA), offers employees a tax-advantaged way to set aside money to cover out-of-pocket health care expenses. Such expenses include medical, dental, vision, pharmacy co-payments, medical and dental deductibles and co-insurance. Participants make pre-tax salary reduction contributions equal to any multiple of $100 between $100 and $2,700 annually.
How it Works:
To use the Health FSA, all participants will receive an FSA debit card to pay for qualified expenses.
Participants will be able to manage their Health FSA by going to www.anthem.com. Once registered, participants will be able to check balances, track and review recent claims and request reimbursements (in the event you did not use your debit card).
Alternate ways to request reimbursements (processing time will take longer):  Faxing your claim form and supporting documentation(s)
 Mailing your claim form and supporting documentation(s)
On occasion you may be required to provide missing or incomplete information. You will receive emails from Anthem BCBS asking you to provide more information to confirm your FSA funds were used for eligible expenses. It is important to respond with the requested information to ensure your card is not deactivated for non-response.
When making your election to participate, please estimate your expenses carefully. The IRS regulations require that any unused money left in your account at the end of the plan year be forfeited (i.e., “use it or lose it”).
Participants can however, carry over up to $550 of unused health FSA amounts to apply towards qualified medical expenses incurred anytime during the following plan year. The amount that is to be carried over for a participant is determined after all eligible medical expenses have been reimbursed for that plan year after the end of the plan’s run-out period—the period of time during which a participant can claim reimbursement for eligible medical expenses incurred during the preceding plan year. Under the Company’s MRA, the run-out period is no later than March 31 of the following year. The carryover amount does not count against or otherwise affect the annual $2,700 salary reduction limit applicable to the MRA.
Enrollment Procedure:
 If you wish to participate in this voluntary plan, please complete the Medical Reimbursement Arrangement form.
 Your reimbursements may be deposited into your checking account, if you prefer this method of payment, or forget to bring your debit card with you, log into www.anthem.com. Under manage my account, select direct deposit and complete the requested information.
  Page 10 of 21

Please note that if you enroll in this plan, your elected amount is an annual election, therefore it will be deducted equally from the remaining pay periods this year.
Generally, you cannot change your MRA Benefit election under the Cafeteria Plan at any time during the Plan Year. Normally, you may change your Benefit elections only during the annual Open Enrollment period, and then only for the upcoming Plan Year. You may, however, make a change to your existing elections for the Plan Year that is on account of and consistent with certain “Change in Circumstances” as described in the Cafeteria Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD), provided that you notify the Employee Benefits Department within the prescribed time period.
Page 11 of 21

Comprehensive Savings Plan
Mutual of America knows how important it is to save for the future. That’s why we are pleased to offer our employees a comprehensive program for building their retirement income through a 401(k) savings plan and a defined benefit pension plan. These two plans are intended to supplement Social Security benefits and help provide a secure foundation for retirement.
401(k) Savings Plan
 Traditional Contributions
The 401(k) savings plan allows you to save for retirement on a regular basis by contributing a portion of your salary to your 401(k) account before taxes are withheld. Any interest and investment earnings in your account grow tax-deferred until withdrawn.
 Designated Roth Contributions
The 401(k) savings plan also permits you to elect after tax Designated Roth Contributions. Since Designated Roth Contributions are included in taxable compensation in the year in which they are made they are not subject to federal income tax upon withdrawal and the investment earnings on Designated Roth Contribution may also be tax free if the withdrawal is considered a “qualified distribution.”
A “qualified distribution” is a distribution made:
(a) after a 5 year tax year period that starts with the first tax year in which Designated Roth
Contributions are made and
(b) to an eligible employee who is then age 591⁄2 or older, or has become totally disabled, or
to a beneficiary because an eligible employee has died.
 After Tax Non-Roth Contributions
The 401(k) savings plan also permits you to elect after tax Non Roth Contributions. Please reach out to the Employee Benefits Department for more information.
 Eligibility
All full-time employees age 21 or older are eligible to participate in the Plan and are immediately fully vested in the Plan on the day they begin contributing. Please note that independent contractors, leased employees and interns, including summer interns and employees hired through foreign exchange internships or workplace exchange programs, are not eligible to participate in this plan.
 Contribution Limits
The plan allows employees to contribute any whole percentage of your compensation from 1% to 100% (subject to any required income and/or employment tax withholding) or the annual IRS maximum dollar limitation, with an employer matching contribution of:
• automatic 3% non-elective employer match*
• 100% of the first 6%* of your eligible compensation
*All employer match contributions are subject to a 3-year cliff vesting schedule.
During the 2023 calendar year, the maximum dollar limitation is $22,500. However, for participants who will reach age 50 on or before December 31, 2023, the maximum dollar limitation
     Page 12 of 21

is $30,000. Please note that the additional $6,500 catch-up contribution permitted for a participant 50 and over is not eligible for the employer matching contribution.
 Investment Options
You can invest your 401(k) contributions in any of the 65 retail mutual funds and a Stable Value Fund. These investment alternatives offer a mix of equity, interest, and fixed income investment
options to suit a wide variety of risk tolerance levels and retirement savings objectives. Fund managers for the investment alternatives include DWS, Fidelity, Oppenheimer, Vanguard, American Century, Calvert, American Funds, PIMCO, T. Rowe Price and Mutual of America Capital Management Corporation.
 Rollover Account
Our 401(k) plan allows you to rollover funds from a former employer’s qualified plan and maintain them as a Rollover Account within your 401(k) plan. A direct rollover allows you to avoid the mandatory 20% withholding for federal income tax, avoid possible penalties for early withdrawal, and continue deferring income tax.
In addition, you may rollover Designated Roth Accounts you may have had with prior employer’s into the 401(k) Savings Plan. Separate Designated Roth Rollover Accounts will be maintained within your 401(k) Savings Plan. Also, employees may rollover amounts in their Designated Roth Account to another qualified pension or profit-sharing plan, tax-sheltered (Section 403(b)) annuity arrangement or to a ROTH IRA.
 Accessing Your Account
You can log on to www.mutualofamerica.com whenever you like to review your account balances, transfer assets among the various investment alternatives and change your asset allocations. You will receive confirmation of any changes you make to your account as well as quarterly statements. The Web site also provides recent performance results for all funds as well as fund objectives to help you make investment choices that match your needs and goals.
Automatic Enrollment/Auto-Escalation:
 The automatic enrollment process into the 401(k) Plan will be an elective contribution rate of 3% unless the employee elects to not participate in the 401(k) Plan or elects to contribute to the 401(k) Plan at a different percentage. On January 1st of each subsequent year, the employee’s elective contribution percentage will increase by 1% for employees who were automatically enrolled in the 401(k) Plan and who have not opted out of the 401(k) Plan or who have not elected a different elective contribution percentage. The auto- escalation of an employee’s elective contributions will cease once the elective contribution percentage reaches 6% of compensation or the participant elects a different contribution percentage.
Enrollment Procedure:
 During your first payroll, you will be automatically enrolled in the 401K plan at 3% pre-tax salary deferral. The 3% pre-tax salary deferral will begin with your second payroll at Mutual of America. The company will also automatically provide a 3% Employer non-elective match.
 Between the first and second payroll, you will receive an invitation to enroll email. The subject of the email will be “Enrolling in your retirement plan is simple and convenient”. Through this email, you will be able to register on the Mutual of America
    Page 13 of 21

website and go through the smart plan process which will allow you to change your 3% pre-tax salary deferral, select your investments and add your beneficiaries.
 Contact the Employee Benefits department at 800-872-6732 if you do not receive the invitation to enroll email.
Page 14 of 21

Insurance Coverage
Group Life Insurance
Mutual of America provides all its eligible employees with a life insurance benefit equal to an employee’s regular compensation for the 36 months prior to death. If you die before working at Mutual of America for 36 months, the benefit will be based on your average monthly wage multiplied by 36. There is no cost to you for this benefit. Although you do not make a contribution for this benefit, the Company is required by the Internal Revenue Service to report as taxable income to you the value of the total employee Group Life Insurance benefit (employee and dependent coverage) in excess of $50,000.
 Eligibility
All employees of Mutual of America and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, who are regularly scheduled to work at least 20 hours per week, excluding overtime, are eligible for coverage under the plan. However leased employees and employees who are interns (such as summer or temporary) that are scheduled to work fewer than 5 months per year are not eligible for coverage.
 Life Insurance Coverage for Dependents
An eligible employee’s spouse or registered Domestic Partner is covered for $10,000. Each unmarried child of an eligible employee is provided $4,000 in coverage if the child is:
 under age 19,
 under age 25 in the case of a full-time student, and  dependent on the employee for support
Dependent life insurance coverage is also provided at no cost to you.
Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance is provided to all employees. The benefit is equal to the amount of the life insurance benefit or half this amount, depending on the nature of the loss. Dependents are not covered under the Accidental Death and Dismemberment provision.
Group Disability Income Insurance
Mutual of America covers full-time employees with both short and long-term disability insurance plans.
The short-term disability program provides 100% of your salary for up to six months if you are unable to work. Please contact the Corporate Nurse for more information.
After six months of an approved short-term disability, you may be eligible for the group long-term disability plan. This plan provides 60% of your regular compensation for as long as you are considered disabled or until normal retirement age, whichever comes first.
Enrollment Procedure:
Please complete the Employee Enrollment Form Group Life Insurance/Group Disability Income including the Beneficiary Designations on the reverse side.
Please complete the Group Life Insurance Dependent Enrollment Form for your eligible dependents
  Page 15 of 21

Qualified Transportation Benefits Program
The Company offers a fringe benefit program under which employees can pay for transit expenses and “Qualified Parking” expenses in a tax-advantaged manner by making voluntary salary reduction contributions. Subject to limits contained in the federal tax law, the amount of salary reduction contributions made each month by employees is not subject to federal, and, in most cases, state income tax withholding or federal employment tax withholding, e.g., Social Security (FICA) and Federal Health Insurance (FHI).
Mass Transit Benefits Feature
Under this feature, employees can elect to make pre-tax salary reduction contributions of up to $300 each month (the maximum allowed by the federal tax law for 2023), which will be applied toward furnishing your transit benefit. Also employees have the option to elect post-tax salary reduction contributions to cover the cost of their transit expense that exceeds the IRS pre-tax maximum of $300 each month. This allows employees to fund their entire monthly transit expense using a Commuter transit Visa Card.
Employees who use participating transit operators in the United States are eligible to participate in the Mass Transit Benefits feature of the Qualified Transportation Benefits Program.
Parking Expense Reimbursement Feature
Under this feature, employees can elect to make pre-tax salary reduction contributions of up to $300 each month (the maximum allowed by the federal tax law for 2023). Also employees have the option to elect post-tax salary reduction contributions to cover the cost of their parking expense that exceeds the IRS pre-tax maximum of $300 each month.
Qualified parking expenses are expenses for parking provided to an employee on or near the employer’s business premises or at a location from which the employee commutes to work by carpool, commuter highway vehicle, mass transit facilities, transportation provided by a person in the business of transporting persons for compensation or hire, or by other means.
Qualified parking expenses do not include, and reimbursement will not be made for, parking expenses which are otherwise reimbursed by the Company as a business expense or under any other Company arrangement providing for parking expense reimbursement. Qualified parking expenses do not include expenses for parking near property which is used for residential purposes by the participant.
Enrollment Procedure:
If you wish to participate in either of these voluntary plans, please complete the following steps:
1. Register at www.healthequity.com/wageworks • Complete steps 1 - 8
2. After registration is complete, login to www.healthequity.com/wageworks with username and password
3. Place your transit and/or parking order (amount) and submit request
4. Complete the “Qualified Transportation Benefits Program” Mass Transit/Parking
salary reduction contributions election and authorization form.
  Page 16 of 21

Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Dependent Care Assistance Plan
The Anthem Dependent Care FSA, which is referred to as the Mutual of America Dependent Care Assistance Plan (DCAP), offers employees a tax-advantaged way to set aside money to help cover the costs of dependent care.
How it Works:
Participants may contribute up to $5,000 annually, which is the maximum permitted under federal tax law. Married employees who file separate income tax returns may contribute up to $2,500 annually.
You will not be issued a debit card; you would need to submit a claim for reimbursement as follows:
 Submit your claim form and supporting documentation(s) through your personal account at www.anthem.com. You will need to scan your documentation(s).
Alternate ways to request reimbursements (processing time will take longer):  Faxing your claim form and supporting documentation(s)
 Mailing your claim form and supporting documentation(s)
Your reimbursements may be deposited into your checking account, if you prefer this method of payment, log into www.anthem.com. Under manage my account, select direct deposit and complete the requested information otherwise you will receive a check for your reimbursement.
When making your election to participate, please estimate your expenses carefully. The IRS regulations require that any unused money left in your account at the end of the plan year be forfeited (i.e., “use it or lose it”).
Please note that if you enroll in this plan, your elected amount is an annual election, therefore it will be deducted equally from the remaining pay periods this year.
Generally, you cannot change your DCAP Benefit election under the Cafeteria Plan at any time during the Plan Year. Normally, you may change your Benefit elections only during the annual Open Enrollment period, and then only for the upcoming Plan Year. You may, however, make a change to your existing elections for the Plan Year that is on account of and consistent with certain “Change in Circumstances” as described in the Cafeteria Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD), provided that you notify the Employee Benefits Department within the prescribed time period.
Enrollment Procedure:
If you wish to participate in this voluntary plan, please complete the Dependent Care Assistance Program form.
  Page 17 of 21

Individual Savings Plans
In addition to the 401(k) savings plan and the pension plan provided by Mutual of America, a number of voluntary savings plans are available through payroll deduction or direct payment to help you and your family members build savings for retirement or other long-term objectives.
 Flexible Premium Annuity (FPA)
The FPA allows you to make after-tax contributions to an individual account. Contributions may be allocated to any of the interest and investment alternatives Mutual of America offers. Earnings grow tax deferred in the account until withdrawn. Withdrawals of interest and investment earnings prior to age 59 1⁄2, however, may be subject to a 10% penalty imposed by the IRS. Also, earnings withdrawn are generally subject to taxation as ordinary income.
The FPA allows you to contribute any amount you want, at any time you want, without restriction. If you have reached your maximum contribution limit on your 401(k) or on an IRA, you can continue to add to your retirement funds by enrolling in an FPA.
 Traditional Individual Retirement Annuity (IRA)
This plan allows you to make after-tax contributions of up to $6,500 per year and up to $7,500 per year if you will reach age 50 on or before December 31, 2023. You may be able to deduct all or part of your contributions for federal tax purposes. Contributions may be allocated to any of the interest and investment alternatives Mutual of America offers, and earnings grow tax deferred until withdrawn.
 Roth Individual Retirement Annuity (IRA)
This plan allows you to make after-tax contributions of up to $6,500 per year and up to $7,500 per year if you will reach age 50 on or before December 31, 2023. Your contributions and any investment earnings grow tax-deferred and may be withdrawn tax-free in the future, subject to certain restrictions. Contributions may be allocated to any of the interest and investment alternatives Mutual of America offers.
   Page 18 of 21

Assistance Plans Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mutual of America offers an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for its employees and their family members. It is designed to provide assistance when you are experiencing personal problems that disrupt work or family life, such as stress, marital, or other personal issues, by providing access to short-term counseling services. The EAP also can be used for limited financial and legal assistance and for questions and referrals relating to adoption, childcare, eldercare, as well as certain identity theft services. All services provided through the EAP, including its counseling sessions, are provided at no cost to you or your family members.
Our EAP benefits are administered by the Anthem Employee Assistance Program (Anthem EAP), an organization independent of Mutual of America. Anthem EAP directs employees to outside sources that will seek to assist in resolving the situation or providing assistance. Employees can be assured that their contact with the EAP will be confidential. Anthem EAP does not reveal the names of anyone that they assist unless they have the individual's express written permission to do so or as required by law. Other than in appropriate circumstances where the employee agrees that the Company may be advised, the Company’s Employee Benefits Department only receives statistical information indicating the number of employees who have used EAP services, which notes general trends among our EAP users and does not contain identifying information.
Some of the services that are provided by the Anthem EAP include the following:
• Telephonic support and referral services for emotional-health issues;
• A specified number of counseling sessions either in-person or online through Anthem’s
LiveHealth Online (LHO) telemedicine service;
• Financial advice by connecting you to certified financial experts and by providing access
to their online content library including financial calculators;
• Limited no cost initial legal consultation either in-person or by phone, and discounted rates
on future consultation if further services are needed;
• Telephonic support and referral services for childcare, adoption and parenting issues; • Information to help with the care of aging parents and finding eldercare services;
• Identity theft resolution and monitoring services; and
• Online resources to promote health and wellness.
The Company will pay the entire cost of up to three EAP counseling sessions per incident; limited to 3 incidents in a calendar year. If one chooses to continue beyond the three-session limit, that would need to be done in accordance with one’s health insurance coverage, so applicable co-payment, co-insurance, deductible charges and in-network requirements, etc. would apply. When an employee or their family member calls Anthem EAP’s toll-free number, (800-865-1044) he/she will be given the choice of in-person or online counseling sessions. If they choose in-person, they will be provided with the contact information for the EAP’s affiliate closest to the employee's home or workplace in order to schedule an appointment. For online counseling sessions, he/she will be provided with instructions on how to use the LHO telemedicine service.
The Anthem EAP offers an informative website that is available at www.anthemeap.com. When prompted for the Company Code, type “Mutual of America” to login to view the online content and to use the provider search. The Anthem EAP call center is available, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, simply call the toll-free number at (800) 865-1044 to speak with a consultant. Furthermore, an employee may contact the Employee Benefits Department with any questions regarding this program.
 Page 19 of 21

The Company reserves the right to change, add to or substitute the organizations that provide the services referred to above or the services or the Company’s financial contribution to the provision of such services.
Adoption Assistance Program
If you are adopting a child, Mutual of America would like to help you by reimbursing you up to $5,000 per child for some of the costs related to adoption. These include (but are not limited to):
 Agency and placement fees
 Legal fees and court costs
 Medical expenses of the birth mother
 Temporary foster care costs
 Immigration, immunization, and translation fees  Transportation and lodging expenses
Depending on your income level, reimbursements made to you under the Adoption Assistance Program may be exempt from federal income tax. In addition, you may be eligible for a federal income tax credit in connection with your adoption expenses.
The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 states that employees may take unpaid leave in connection with the adoption of a child. Please check with the Employee Benefits Department for full details if you are considering taking a leave of absence because of adoption.
Page 20 of 21

Other Benefits Fitness Center Reimbursement Program
Mutual of America wants to help all of our employees stay healthy and achieve their fitness goals. To help you achieve your goals, we will provide reimbursement toward your fitness center membership fees through the Fitness Center Reimbursement Program. You may be reimbursed up to $250 in a 12-month period for visiting a fitness center 35 times every 6 months. For more information, please review the Fitness Center Reimbursement Program form or you can contact the Employee Benefits Department.
Matching Gift Program
The Matching Gift program is a great way to give more to your favorite organization such as A.S.P.C.A., Wounded Warrior Project, St. Jude’s Hospital, just to name a few. For example, if you donate $25.00 to St. Jude’s Hospital, Mutual of America will gift St. Jude’s Hospital with an additional $25.00 upon receiving a completed Matching Gift form. If you have any questions or need a Matching Gift Program brochure, please contact the Employee Benefits Department. Some restrictions may apply.
Page 21 of 21