2023 Retirement Plan Maximums and Limits/Saver's Credit

The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has announced the dollar maximums and limits for qualified pension plans for 2023. These reflect the applicable cost-of-living adjustments required by federal tax law and are effective for the 2023 tax year only.

Sections 1–3 highlight contribution maximums and limits established by the IRS for various retirement plans. All dollar amounts are effective January 1, 2023; changes, if any, from 2022 are noted. Section 4 highlights annual compensation amounts for highly compensated employees and key employees in a top-heavy plan. Section 5 highlights the Saver's Credit tax credit for 2023.

Retirement Plan Dollar Maximums for 2023
The following table highlights contribution maximums established by the IRS for various retirement plans. All dollar amounts are effective January 1, 2023.

Plan	Maximum Elective Deferral or Contribution Limit1	Increase from 2022	Age 50 and Older Additional "Catch-Up" Contribution Limit
TDA, 403(b) Thrift and 401(k)2	
$22,500

$2,000

$7,5003

SIMPLE IRA and SIMPLE 401(k)	
$15,500

$1,500

$3,500

Traditional IRA and Roth IRA	
$6,500

$500

$1,000

Section 457(b) Eligible Deferred Compensation	
$22,500

$2,000

$7,5003

1If annual compensation is less than the applicable limits shown, then the maximum contribution is limited to 100% of compensation.

2If you contribute to a TDA, 403(b) Thrift and/or 401(k), then generally the total amount contributed to all plans may not exceed $22,500 ($30,000, if age 50 or older). Exceptions apply to certain 403(b) plan participants and governmental 457(b) plan participants.

3Tax-Deferred Annuity, 403(b), 401(k) and Governmental Section 457(b) Plans. Non-governmental Section 457(b) Eligible Deferred Compensation Plans are not permitted to make age 50 catch-ups, but can make a special catch-up contribution if they are within three years of their normal retirement age.

Retirement Plan Compensation Limits for 2023
Plan	Annual Compensation Limit for Contribution Purposes	Increase from 2022
TDA, 403(b) Thrift and 401(k), Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution Plans	
$330,000 maximum compensation

$25,000

SEP participant requirements	
$750 minimum compensation

$100

SEP discrimination requirements	
$330,000 maximum compensation

$25,000

Roth IRA	
Contribution limit is reduced or eliminated based on the amount by which the taxpayer's Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) minus an "applicable AGI amount" exceeds $15,000 ($10,000 for married taxpayers filing a joint return).

Applicable AGI amounts for 2023:
$218,000 to $228,000 (married filing joint return)
$0 to $10,000 (married filing separate return)
$138,000 to $153,000 (all other taxpayers)

$14,000
unchanged
$9,000

Traditional IRA	
Deduction for contribution is reduced or eliminated for an active participant in an employer-sponsored retirement plan, based on the amount by which the taxpayer's AGI minus an "applicable AGI amount" exceeds $10,000 ($20,000 for an active participant who is a married taxpayer filing a joint return).

Applicable AGI amounts for 2023 for active participants:
$116,000 to $136,000 (married filing joint return)
$0 to $10,000 (married filing separate return)
$73,000 to $83,000 (all other taxpayers)

$7,000
unchanged
$5,000

For a married taxpayer filing a joint return who is not an active participant in an employer-sponsored retirement plan, but whose spouse is, the $10,000 amount mentioned above is not increased to $20,000 and the "applicable AGI amount" for 2023 is $218,000 to $228,000 (a $14,000 increase from 2022).

These are limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. In some cases, employers may set lower annual limits for your plan. In addition, these limits are generally applied in the aggregate.

The elective deferral limit applies to all voluntary salary reduction amounts made by an employee to any plan. The defined contribution plan annual additions limit applies to all annual additions to all defined contribution plans (including 401(k) and profit-sharing plans) and SEP-IRAs of the same employer. Additional limits may apply, depending on the type of plan, which may further limit elective deferrals and/or annual additions. Contribution limits are not necessarily equal to employer deduction limits, and generally, these plans also further limit contributions for taxable employers to the deduction limit.

Similarly, the limits on annual benefits in a defined benefit plan apply to all defined benefit plans of the same employer and cannot exceed 100% of a participant's average compensation, if less. These annual benefit limits are expressed as non-refund life annuities at age 65 and are reduced for different forms and ages and for participation of less than 10 years, and may be further reduced if certain provisions are applicable, such as cost-of-living adjustment features.

Retirement Plan Dollar Limits for 2023
Plan	Applicable Maximum	Increase from 2022
Defined Benefit	
$265,000 on annual benefits*

$20,000

Defined Contribution	
$66,000 or 100% of compensation, whichever is less, on annual contributions

$5,000

*Or 100% of compensation for high 3 years, whichever is less.

These are limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. In some cases, employers may set lower annual limits for their plan(s). In addition, these limits are generally applied in the aggregate.

The defined contribution plan annual additions limit applies to all annual additions to all defined contribution plans (including 401(k) and profit-sharing plans) and SEP-IRAs of the same employer and cannot exceed 100% of a participant's average compensation, if less.

Retirement Plan Annual Compensation Amounts for 2023
Plan	Applicable Maximum	Increase from 2022
Definition of Highly Compensated Employee	
$150,000

$15,000

Definition of Key Employee in a Top-Heavy Plan	
$215,000

$15,000

These amounts are established by the Internal Revenue Code.

Saver's Credit for 2023
The Saver's Credit is a tax credit of up to $1,000 ($2,000 if married filing jointly) for low- and moderate-income taxpayers who contribute to a traditional or Roth IRA, 401(k), 403(b), governmental 457 or SIMPLE IRA plan. The credit is equal to 50%, 20%, 10% or 0% of your contribution, depending on your adjusted gross income. The following table shows the income limits to claim the credit for 2023.

Credit Rate (% of contribution)	Married Filing Jointly	Head of Household	All Other Filers*
50%	
Up to $43,000

Up to $32,625

Up to $21,750

20%	
$43,001–$47,000

$32,626–$35,625

$21,751–$23,750

10%	
$47,001–$73,000

$35,626–$54,750

$23,751–$36,500

0%	
$73,001 & up

$54,751 & up

$36,501 & up

*Single, married filing separately or qualifying widow(er).

The tax information contained herein is for informational purposes only. You should consult your financial adviser or attorney regarding your individual circumstances.

Accumulation period
The accumulation period refers to the time during which your retirement savings accumulate in a deferred annuity. Because annuities are federal income tax deferred, all earnings are reinvested to increase the base on which future earnings accumulate, so you have the benefit of compounding.

When you buy a deferred fixed annuity contract, the company issuing the contract promises a fixed rate of return during the accumulation period regardless of whether market interest rates move up or down. With a deferred variable annuity, the amount you accumulate during the accumulation period depends on the performance of the separate account funds you select from among those offered in the contract, in addition to the rate of interest credited from time to time on any amounts that may have be allocated to the Interest Accumulation Account.

At the end of the accumulation period, you can choose to annuitize, agree to some other method of receiving income, or roll over your account value into an immediate annuity. The years in which you receive annuity income are sometimes called the distribution period.

Accumulation unit
Accumulation units are the shares you own in the separate account funds of a variable annuity during the period you're putting money into your annuity. If you own the annuity in a 401(k) plan, each time you make a contribution, that amount is added to one or more of the separate account funds to buy additional accumulation units.

The value of your annuity is figured by multiplying the number of units you own by the dollar value of each unit. During the accumulation phase, that value changes to reflect the changing performance of the underlying investments in the separate account funds.

Adjusted gross income (AGI)
Your AGI is your gross, or total, income from taxable sources minus certain deductions. Income includes salary and other employment income, interest and dividends, and long- and short-term capital gains and losses. Deductions include unreimbursed business and medical expenses, contributions to a deductible individual retirement annuity (IRA), and alimony you pay.

You figure your AGI on page one of your federal tax return, and it serves as the basis for calculating the income tax you owe. Your modified AGI is used to establish your eligibility for certain tax or financial benefits, such as deducting your IRA contribution or qualifying for certain tax credits.

American depositary shares
When a company based overseas wants to sell its shares in the US markets, it can offer them through a US bank, which is known as the depositary. The depositary bank holds the issuing company's shares, known as American depositary shares (ADSs), and offers them to investors as certificates known as American depositary receipts (ADRs). Each ADR represents a specific number of shares.

ADRs are quoted in US dollars and trade on US markets just like ordinary shares. While hundreds are listed on the major exchanges, the majority are traded over the counter, usually because they're too small to meet exchange listing requirements.

Amortization
Amortization is the gradual repayment of a debt over a period of time, such as monthly payments on a mortgage loan or credit card balance. To amortize a loan, your payments must be large enough to pay not only the interest that has accrued but also to reduce the principal you owe.

Annual percentage rate (APR)
A loan's annual percentage rate, or APR, is what credit costs you each year, expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. The APR, which is usually higher than the nominal, or named, rate you're quoted for a loan, includes most of a loan's up-front fees as well as the annual interest rate. 

You should use APR, which is a more accurate picture of the cost of borrowing than the interest rate alone, to compare various loans you're considering.

Annuitize
When you annuitize, you choose to convert the assets in your deferred annuity or other retirement savings account into a stream of regular income payments that are guaranteed to last for your lifetime or the combined lifetimes of yourself and another person, called your joint annuitant. You typically annuitize when you retire. But, if you own a nonqualified annuity, you may begin receiving income at 59½ without risking an early withdrawal penalty, or you can postpone the decision to annuitize well beyond normal retirement age.

One reason people may give for choosing not to annuitize is that they're afraid if they die shortly after they begin receiving payments, they will forfeit a large portion of the annuity's value. To avoid that situation, some people choose to annuitize with what's called a period certain payout guaranteeing that they or their beneficiaries will receive income for at least a minimum period, typically 5, 10, or 20 years.

You should be aware that the promise to pay lifetime income is contingent on the claims-paying ability of the company providing the annuity contract. That's why you'll want to check the ratings that independent analysts give your annuity company before you annuitize your contract.

Annuity
Originally, an annuity simply meant an annual payment. That's why the retirement income you receive from a defined benefit plan each year, usually in monthly installments, is called a pension annuity. But an annuity is also an insurance company product that's designed to allow you to accumulate tax-deferred assets that can be converted to a source of lifetime annual income.

When a deferred annuity is offered as part of a qualified plan, such as a traditional 401(k), 403(b), or tax-deferred annuity (TDA), you can contribute up to the annual limit and typically begin to take income from the annuity when you retire. You can also buy a nonqualified deferred annuity contract on your own. With nonqualified annuities, there are no federal limits on annual contributions and no required withdrawals, though you may begin receiving income without penalty when you turn 59½.

An immediate annuity, in contrast, is one you purchase with a lump sum when you are ready to begin receiving income, usually when you retire. The payouts begin right away and the annuity company promises the income will last your lifetime.

With all types of annuities, the guarantee of lifetime annuity income depends on the claims-paying ability of the company that sells the annuity contract.

Annuity principal
The annuity principal is the sum of money you use to buy an annuity and the base on which annuity earnings accumulate. If you're buying a deferred annuity, you may make a one-time — or single premium — purchase, or you may build your annuity principal with a series of regular or intermittent payments. For example, if you own an annuity in an employer sponsored retirement plan, you add to your principal each time you defer some of your income into your account — typically every time you're paid. When you buy an immediate annuity, you commit your annuity principal as a lump sum, and that amount is one of the key factors that determines the amount of your annuity income.

Appreciation
When an asset such as stock, real estate, or personal property increases in value without any improvements or modification having been made to it, that's called appreciation. Some personal assets, such as fine art or antiques, may appreciate over time, while others - such as electronic equipment - usually lose value, or depreciate. Certain investments also have the potential to appreciate. A number of factors can cause an asset to appreciate, among them inflation, uniqueness, or increased demand.

Asset
Assets are everything you own that has any monetary value, plus any money you are owed. They include money in bank accounts, stocks, bonds, mutual funds, equity in real estate, the value of your life insurance policy, and any personal property that people would pay to own. When you figure your net worth, you subtract the amount you owe, or your liabilities, from your assets. Similarly, a company’s assets include the value of its physical plant, its inventory, and intangible assets, such as its reputation.

Asset allocation
Asset allocation is a strategy, advocated by modern portfolio theory, for reducing risk in your investment portfolio in order to maximize return. Specifically, asset allocation means dividing your assets among different broad categories of investments, called asset classes. Stocks, bonds and cash are examples of asset classes, as are real estate and derivatives such as options and futures contracts.

Most financial services firms suggest particular asset allocations for specific groups of clients and fine-tune those allocations for individual investors. The asset allocation model - specifically the percentages of your investment principal allocated to each investment category you're using - that's appropriate for you at any given time depends on many factors, such as the goals you're investing to achieve, how much time you have to invest, your tolerance for risk, the direction of interest rates, and the market outlook.

Ideally, you adjust or rebalance your portfolio from time to time to bring the allocation back in line with the model you've selected. Or, you might realign your model as your financial goals, your time frame, or the market situation changes.

Asset class
Different categories of investments are described as asset classes.  Stocks, bonds, and cash — including cash equivalents — are major asset classes. So are real estate, derivative investments, such as options and futures contracts, and precious metals.

When you allocate the assets in your investment portfolio, you decide what proportion of its total value will be invested in each of the different asset classes you're including.

Balanced funds
Balanced funds are mutual funds that invest in a portfolio of common stocks, preferred stocks and bonds to meet their investment goal of seeking a strong return while moderating risk. Balanced funds are one of the three default investments a 401(k) sponsor may select to use in cases where participants do not provide affirmative investment elections. Balanced funds are sometimes described as asset allocation funds because they spread your money among asset classes within a single investment. However, the turnover ratio in a balanced fund is often lower than in a typical asset allocation fund, making the balanced fund more tax efficient.

Basis
Basis is the total cost of buying an investment or other asset, including the price, commissions, and other charges. If you sell the asset, you subtract your basis from the selling price to determine your capital gain or capital loss. If you give the asset away, the recipient's basis is the same amount as yours. But if you leave an asset to a beneficiary in your will, the person receives the asset at a step up in basis, which means the basis of the asset is reset to its market value as of the time of your death.

When your investment is in real estate, basis is generally called cost basis.
Basis point
Yields on bonds, notes, and other fixed-income investments fluctuate regularly, typically changing only a few hundredths of a percentage point. These small variations are measured in basis points, or gradations of 0.01%, or one-hundredth of a percent, with 100 basis points equaling 1%. For example, when the yield on a bond changes from 6.72% to 6.65%, it has dropped 7 basis points.

Similarly, small changes in the interest rates charged for mortgages or other loans are reported in basis points, as are the fees you pay on various investment products, such as annuities and mutual funds. For example, if the average management fee is 1.4%, you might hear it expressed as 140 basis points. Your percentage of ownership in certain kinds of investments may also be stated in basis points, and in this case each basis point equals 0.01% of the whole investment.

Bear market
A bear market is sometimes described as a period of falling securities prices and sometimes, more specifically, as a market where prices have fallen 20% or more from the most recent high. A bear market in stocks is triggered when investors sell off shares, generally because they anticipate worsening economic conditions and falling corporate profits. A bear market in bonds is usually the result of rising interest rates, which prompts investors to sell off older bonds paying lower rates.

Benchmark
Originally a benchmark was a surveyor's mark indicating a specific height above sea level, but it has come to have a much broader meaning in the world of investing. A stock market benchmark, for example, is an index whose movement tracks a particular segment of the market and is considered a general indicator of the strength or weakness of that segment.

For example, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (S&P 500) and the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) are the most widely followed benchmarks, or indicators, of the US market for large company stocks.

There are other indexes that serve as benchmarks for both broader and narrower segments of the US equities markets, of international markets, and of other types of investments such as bonds, mutual funds, and commodities. Individual investors and financial professionals often gauge their market expectations and judge the performance of individual investments or market sectors against the appropriate benchmarks.

In a somewhat different way, the changing yield on the 10-year US Treasury bond is considered a benchmark of investor attitudes. For example, a lower yield is an indication that investors are putting money into bonds, driving up the price, possibly because they expect stock prices to drop. Conversely, a higher yield indicates investors are putting their money elsewhere.


Beneficiary
A beneficiary is the person or organization who receives assets that are held in your name in a retirement plan, or are paid on your behalf by an insurance company, after your death. If you have established a trust, the beneficiary you name receives the assets of the trust.

A life insurance policy pays your beneficiary the face value of your policy minus any loans you haven't repaid when you die. An annuity contract pays the beneficiary the accumulated assets as dictated by the terms of the contract. A retirement plan, such as an IRA or 401(k), pays your beneficiary the value of the accumulated assets or requires the beneficiary to withdraw assets either as a lump sum or over a period of time, depending on the plan.

You may name any person or institution - or several people and institutions - as beneficiary or contingent beneficiary of a trust, a retirement plan, annuity contract, or life insurance policy. A contingent beneficiary is one who inherits the assets if the primary beneficiary has died or chooses not to accept them. Some retirement plans require that you name your spouse as beneficiary unless you get his or her written permission to name someone else.

Blue chip stock
Blue chip stock is the common stock of a large, well-regarded US company. The companies in that informal category are collectively known as blue chips companies. Blue chips have a reputation for producing quality products and services and a long-established record of earning profits and paying dividends regardless of the economic climate. They take their name from the most valuable poker chips. In the United Kingdom, in contrast, comparable firms are called alpha companies.

Bond
Bonds are debt securities issued by corporations and governments. Bonds are, in fact, loans that you and other investors make to the issuers in return for the promise of being paid interest, usually but not always at a fixed rate, over the loan term. The issuer also promises to repay the loan principal at maturity, on time and in full. Because most bonds pay interest on a regular basis, they are also described as fixed-income investments. While the term bond is used generically to describe all debt securities, bonds are specifically long-term investments, with maturities longer than ten years.

Cap
A cap is a ceiling, or the highest level to which something can go. For example, an interest rate cap limits the amount by which an interest rate can be increased over a specific period of time.

A typical cap on an adjustable rate mortgage (ARM) limits interest rate increases to two percentage points annually and six percentage points over the term of the loan. In a different example, the cap on your annual contribution to an individual retirement account (IRA) is $6,000 for 2021, provided you have earned at least that much. If you're 50 or older, you can make an additional catch-up contribution of $1,000, so your cap is $7,000.


Capital gain
When you sell an asset at a higher price than you paid for it, the difference is your capital gain. For example, if you buy 100 shares of stock for $20 a share and sell them for $30 a share, you realize a capital gain of $10 a share, or $1,000 in total. If you own the stock for more than a year before selling it, you have a long-term capital gain. If you hold the stock for less than a year, you have a short-term capital gain.

Most long-term capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than your other income while short-term gains are taxed at your regular rate.

You may be exempt from paying capital gains tax on profits of up to $250,000 on the sale of your primary home if you're single and up to $500,000 if you're married and file a joint return, provided you meet the requirements for this exemption.

Capital loss
When you sell an asset for less than you paid for it, the difference between the two prices is your capital loss. For example, if you buy 100 shares of stock at $30 a share and sell when the price has dropped to $20 a share, you will realize a capital loss of $10 a share, or $1,000. Although nobody wants to lose money on an investment, there is a silver lining: You can use capital losses to offset capital gains in computing your income tax.

However, you must use short-term losses to offset short-term gains and long-term losses to offset long-term gains. If you have a net capital loss in any year - that is, your losses exceed your gains - you can usually deduct up to $3,000 of this amount from regular income on your tax return. You may also be able to carry forward net capital losses and deduct on future tax returns.
Cash value
Cash value is the amount that an account is worth at any given time. For example, the cash value of your 401(k) or IRA is what the account is worth at the end of a period, such as the end of a business day, or at the end of the plan year, often December 31. The cash value of an insurance policy is the amount the insurer will pay you, based on your policy's cash reserve, if you cancel your policy. The cash value is the difference between the amount you paid in premiums and the actual cost of insurance plus other expenses.
Catastrophic illness insurance
Many health insurance policies cap, or limit, the amount they will pay to cover medical expenses. But you can buy catastrophic illness insurance to cover medical expenses above the maximum your regular health insurance will pay.
Catch-up contribution
The catch-up contribution provision of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans and Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) allows participants 50 and older to make additional annual contributions, over and above the contribution cap that applies to younger participants. The catch-up amounts, which are larger for employer plans than for IRAs, increase from time to time, based on the rate of inflation.

You are eligible to make catch-up contributions whether or not you have contributed the maximum amount you were eligible to contribute each year in the past. And if you participate in an employer plan and also put money in an IRA, you are entitled to use both catch-up contributions each year.
Certificate of deposit (CD)
CDs are time deposits. When you purchase a CD from a bank, up to $250,000 is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). You generally earn compound interest at a fixed rate, which is determined by the current interest rate and the CD's term, which can range from a week to five years or more.

However, rates can vary significantly from bank to bank. You usually face a penalty if you withdraw funds before your CD matures, often equal to the interest that has accrued up to the time you make the withdrawal.
Collateral
Assets with monetary value, such as stocks, bonds, or real estate, which are used to guarantee a loan are considered collateral. If the borrower defaults and fails to fulfill the terms of the loan agreement, the collateral, or some portion of it, may become the property of the lender. For example, if you borrow money to buy a car, the car is the collateral.If you default, the lender can repossess the car and sell it to recover the amount you borrowed. Loans guaranteed by collateral are also known as secured loans.
Compounding
Compounding occurs when your investment earnings or savings account interest is added to your principal, forming a larger base on which future earnings may accumulate. As your investment base gets larger, it has the potential to grow faster. And the longer your money is invested, the more you stand to gain from compounding.

For example, if you invested $10,000 earning 8% annually and reinvested all your earnings, you'd have $21,589 in your account after 10 years. If instead of reinvesting you withdrew the earnings each year, you would have collected $800 a year, or $8,000 over the 10 years. The $3,589 difference is the benefit of 10 years of compound growth.
Contribution limits
A contribution limit, also known as a contribution cap, is the largest amount that can be added to an account on which a limit is imposed.

Contribution limits apply to all qualified employer-sponsored defined contribution plans, including 401(k)s, 403(b)s, 457(b)s, SIMPLEs, SEPs, profit-sharing plans and money purchase plans. Contribution limits also apply to Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs).

Most contribution limits are imposed by statute and are updated either annually or in response to predetermined increases in the rate of inflation. However, individual states may set contribution limits for plans not governed by federal rules, including contributions to nonqualified annuity contracts.

Cost-of-living adjustment (COLA)
A COLA results in a wage or benefit increase that is designed to help you keep pace with increased living costs that result from inflation. COLAs are usually pegged to increases in the consumer price index (CPI). Federal government pensions, some state pensions, and Social Security are usually adjusted annually, but only a few private pensions provide COLAs.
Default
A corporation or government is in default if it fails to meet the interest payments on debt securities it has issued or does not repay the principal at maturity. When the issuer defaults, the bondholders may try to recover what they're owed by making claims against the issuer's assets. There's a structured hierarchy for determining the order in which the claimants are paid.

Similarly, if you fail to pay principal and interest that you owe on a loan, you are in default. The lender may attempt to recover the loss by claiming any property of yours that was offered as collateral, or security for the loan, or by taking other legal measures.
Deferred annuity
A deferred annuity contract allows you to accumulate tax-deferred earnings during the term of the contract and sometimes add assets to your contract over time. In contrast, an immediate annuity starts paying you income right after you buy.

Your deferred annuity earnings can be either fixed or variable, depending on the way your money is invested. Deferred annuities are designed primarily as retirement savings accounts, so you may owe a penalty if you withdraw principal, earnings, or both before you reach age 59½.
Derivative
Derivatives are financial products, such as futures contracts, options, and mortgage-backed securities. Most of derivatives' value is based on the value of an underlying security, commodity, or other financial instrument. For example, the changing value of a crude oil futures contract depends primarily on the upward or downward movement of oil prices.

An equity option's value is determined by the relationship between its strike price and the value of the underlying stock, the time until expiration, and the stock's volatility. Certain investors, called hedgers, are interested in the underlying instrument. For example, a baking company might buy wheat futures to help estimate the cost of producing its bread in the months to come.

Other investors, called speculators, are concerned with the profit to be made by buying and selling the contract at the most opportune time. Listed derivatives are traded on organized exchanges or markets. Other derivatives are traded over-the-counter (OTC), and in private transactions.
Diversification
Diversification is an investment strategy in which you spread your investment dollars among different markets, sectors, industries, and securities. The goal of the strategy is to protect the value of your overall portfolio in case a single security or market sector takes a serious downturn and drops in price. A well-diversified stock portfolio, for example, might include small-, medium-, and large-cap domestic stocks, stocks in six or more sectors or industries, and international stocks.

Studies indicate that diversification can help insulate your investments against market and management risks without sacrificing the level of return you want. Finding the diversification mix that's right for you depends on your age, your assets, your tolerance for risk, and your investment goals.

Dividend
Corporations may pay part of their earnings as dividends to you and other shareholders as a return on your investment. These dividends, which are often declared quarterly, are usually in the form of cash, but may be paid as additional shares or scrip. You may be able to reinvest cash dividends automatically to buy additional shares if the corporation offers a dividend reinvestment program (DRIP).

Dividends are taxable unless you own the investment through a tax-deferred account, such as an employer-sponsored retirement plan or individual retirement annuity (IRA). That applies whether you reinvest them or not. However, dividends on most US and many international stocks are considered qualifying dividends. That means you owe tax at your long-term capital gains rate provided you have owned the stocks the required length of time.

Dividends on real estate investment trusts (REITs), mutual savings banks, and certain other investments aren’t considered qualifying and are taxed at your regular rate.
Dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP)
enables you to build your investment gradually, taking advantage of dollar cost averaging and usually paying only a minimal transaction fee for each purchase.

Many DRIPs will also buy back shares at any time you want to sell, in most cases for a minimal sales charge.

One potential drawback of purchasing through a DRIP is that you accumulate shares at different prices over time, making it more difficult to determine your cost basis — especially if you want to sell some but not all of your holdings.
Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), sometimes referred to as the Dow, is the best known and most widely followed market indicator in the world. It tracks the performance of 30 blue chip US stocks. Though it is called an average, it is actually a price-weighted index. That means the gains and losses of the highest priced stocks are counted more heavily than gains and losses of lower priced stocks.

The DJIA is quoted in points, not dollars. It's computed by totaling the weighted prices of the 30 stocks and dividing by a number that is regularly adjusted for stock splits, spin-offs, and other changes in the stocks being tracked.

The companies that make up the DJIA are changed from time to time at the discretion of the S&P DJI Index Committee.
Educational savings account (ESA)
You can put up to $2,000 a year into a Coverdell education savings account (ESA) that you establish in the name of a minor child. The assets in the account can be invested any way you choose. There is no limit on the number of accounts you can set up for different beneficiaries, but no more than a total of $2,000 can be contributed in a single beneficiary's name in any one year. If you choose, you may switch the beneficiary of an ESA to another member of the same extended family.

Your contribution is not tax deductible. But any earnings that accumulate in the account can be withdrawn tax free if they're used to pay qualified educational expenses for the beneficiary until he or she reaches age 30. The costs can be incurred at any level, from elementary school through a graduate degree, or at a qualified post-secondary technical or vocational school. There are no restrictions on using ESA money in the same year the student uses other tax-free savings, or the student, parent, or guardian uses tax credits for educational expenses. But you can't take a credit for expenses you covered with tax-free withdrawals.

To qualify to make a full $2,000 contribution to an ESA in each tax year, your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) must be $95,000 or less, and your right to make any contribution at all is phased out if your MAGI is $110,000 if you're a single taxpayer. The comparable range if you're married and file a joint return is $190,000, phased out at $220,000.
Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT)
An Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT), which is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), allows the exchange of billions of dollars every day without physically moving paper money. One type of EFT, the Automated Clearing House or ACH system, handles all electronic credit and debit transactions, direct deposits, ATM transactions and online bill payments between financial institutions. According to the U.S. Department of the Treasury, it costs the federal government only 29 cents for an ACH payment but $1.22 for a traditional check payment.
Emergency fund
An emergency fund is money you set aside in a savings account or other easily accessible account that you can use as a backup if you have a financial emergency, such as an illness or job loss. Ideally, your emergency fund should be fairly liquid, which means it can be quickly converted to cash with little or no loss of value. As a rule of thumb, you may want to consider setting aside three to six months' worth of income, although your needs will depend on your particular circumstances.
Equity
In the broadest sense, equity means ownership. If you own stock, you have equity in, or own a portion - however small - of the company that issued the stock. Having equity is the opposite of owning a bond or commercial paper, which is a debt the company must repay to you.

Equity also means the difference between an asset's current market value - the amount it could be sold for - and any debt or claim against it. For example, if you own a home currently valued at $300,000 but still owe $200,000 on your mortgage, your equity in the home is $100,000.

The same is true if you own stock in a margin account. The stock may be worth $50,000 in the marketplace, but if you have a loan balance of $20,000 in your margin account because you financed the purchase, your equity in the stock is $30,000.
Equity fund
Equity funds invest primarily in stock. The stock a fund buys - whether in small, up-and-coming companies or large, well-established firms - depends on the fund's investment objectives and management style. The general approach may be implied by the fund's name or the category in which it places itself, such as large-cap growth or small-cap value. However, a fund's manager may have the flexibility to invest more broadly to meet the fund's objectives.
Estate
Your estate is what you leave behind, financially speaking, when you die. To figure its worth, your assets are valued to determine your gross estate. The assets may include cash, investments, retirement accounts, business interests, real estate, precious objects and antiques, and personal effects.

Then all of your outstanding debts, which may include income taxes, loans, or other obligations, are paid, and those plus any costs of settling the estate are subtracted from the gross estate. If the amount that's left is larger than the amount you can leave to your heirs tax free, you have a taxable estate, and federal estate taxes may be due. Depending on the state where you live and the size of your taxable estate, there may be additional state taxes as well.

After any taxes that may be due are paid, what remains is distributed among your heirs according to the terms of your will, the terms of any trusts you established, the beneficiaries you named on certain accounts - or the rulings of a court, if you didn't leave a will.
Exchange traded fund
Exchange traded funds (ETFs) are listed on a stock exchange and trade like stock. You can use traditional stock trading techniques, such as stop orders, limit orders, margin purchases, and short sales when you buy or sell ETFs.

But ETFs also resemble mutual funds in some ways. For example, you buy shares of the fund, which in turn owns a portfolio of stocks. Each ETF has a net asset value (NAV), which is determined by the total market capitalization of the stocks in the portfolio, plus dividends but minus expenses, divided by the number of shares issued by the fund.

ETF prices change throughout the trading day, in response to supply and demand, rather than just at the end of the trading day as open-end mutual fund prices do. The market price and the NAV are rarely the same, but the differences are typically small. That's due to a unique process that allows institutional investors to buy or redeem large blocks of shares at the NAV with in-kind baskets of the fund's stocks.







Executor/Executrix
When you die, your executor administers your estate and follows the directions provided in your will. Among the executor's duties are collecting and valuing your assets, paying taxes and debts out of those assets, and distributing the remaining assets to your heirs. You may want to appoint a family member or close friend as executor. Or you may choose a professional, such as a lawyer or bank trust officer.

What some people do is name a professional and a friend or family member to work together, especially if the estate is large or there are potential complications. Executors are entitled to be paid for their work, which ends when your estate is settled, usually anywhere from one to three years after your death. Professional executors always charge, while friends and family may or may not.
Fair market value
Fair market value is the price you would have to pay to buy a particular asset or service on the open market. The concept of fair market value assumes that both buyer and seller are reasonably well informed of market conditions, that neither is under undue pressure to buy or sell, and that neither intends to defraud the other.

Finance charge
The finance charge, or total dollar amount you pay to borrow, includes the interest you pay plus any fees for arranging the loan. A finance charge is expressed as an annual percentage rate (APR) of the amount you owe, which allows you to compare the costs of different loans. The Truth-in-Lending Law requires your lender to disclose the APR you'll be paying and the way it is calculated before you agree to the terms of the loan.

Financial planner
A financial planner evaluates your personal finances and helps you develop a financial plan to meet both your immediate needs and your long-term goals. Some, but not all, planners have credentials from professional organizations.

Some well-known credentials are Certified Financial Planner (CFP), Chartered Financial Consultant (ChFC), Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA), and Personal Financial Specialist (PFS). A PFS is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) who has passed an exam on financial planning. Some planners are also licensed to sell certain investment or insurance products.

Fee-only financial planners charge by the hour or collect a flat fee for a specific service, but don't sell products or earn sales commissions. Other planners don't charge a fee but earn commissions on the products they sell to you. Still others both charge fees and earn commissions but may offset their fees by the amount of commission they earn.
Fixed annuity
A fixed annuity is a contract that allows you to accumulate earnings at a fixed rate during a build-up period. You pay the required premium, either in a lump sum or in installments. The insurance company invests its assets, including your premium, so it will be able to pay the rate of return that it has promised to pay.

At a time you select, usually after you turn 59½, you can choose to convert your account value to retirement income. Among the alternatives is receiving a fixed amount of income in regular payments for your lifetime or the lifetimes of yourself and a joint annuitant. That's called annuitization. Or, you may select some other payout method.

The contract issuer assumes the risk that you could outlive your life expectancy and therefore collect income over a longer period than it anticipated. You take the risk that the insurance company will be able to meet its obligations to pay.

Some variable annuities offer a fixed rate account with a guarantee of principal, such as an interest account
Fixed-income investment
Fixed-income investments typically pay interest or dividends on a regular schedule and may promise to return your principal at maturity, though that promise is not guaranteed in most cases. Among the examples are government, corporate, and municipal bonds, preferred stock, and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).

The advantage of holding fixed-income securities in an investment portfolio is that they provide regular, predictable income. But a potential disadvantage of holding them over an extended period, or to maturity in the case of bonds, is that they may not increase in value the way equity investments may. As a result, a portfolio overweighted with fixed-income investments may make you more vulnerable to inflation risk. In addition, the issuer of a bond may fail to make interest or principal payments, so there is a risk of loss in fixed income products.
Flexible spending account
Some employers offer flexible spending accounts (FSA), sometimes called cafeteria plans, as part of their employee benefits package. You contribute a percentage of your pretax salary, up to the limit your plan allows, which you can use to pay for qualifying expenses. Qualifying expenses include medical costs that aren't covered by your health insurance, childcare, care for your elderly or disabled dependents, and life insurance.

The amount you put into the plan is not reported to the IRS as income, which means your taxable income is reduced. However, you have to estimate correctly the amount you'll spend during the year when you arrange to have amounts deducted from your paycheck. Once you decide on the amount you are going to contribute to an FSA for a year, you cannot change it unless you have a qualifying event, such as marriage or divorce.  If you don't spend all that you had withheld within the year, you may be entitled to a two-and-one-half month extension or be able to spend up to $500 of what remains in the following year.
Frequent transfer policy
A frequent transfer policy limits the number of free transfers you can make between investment accounts in a variable annuity within a specific time frame, such as a year. Transfers in excess of the limit incur a fee. However, no taxes are due on any investment gains in the fund that you leave in such a transfer.
Front-end sales charge
A front-end sales charge is a one-time, upfront sales charge or commission, also known as a load. The commission is calculated as a percentage of the value of the purchase. Since the fee is subtracted when you buy, the actual amount you invest is reduced by the amount of the sales charge.
Futures contract
Futures contracts, when they trade on regulated futures exchanges, obligate you to buy or sell a specified quantity of the underlying product for a specific price on a specific date. The underlying product could be a commodity, stock index, security, or currency. Because all the terms of a listed futures contract are structured by the exchange, you can offset your contract and get out of your obligation by buying or selling an opposing contract before the settlement date.

Futures contracts provide some investors, called hedgers, a measure of protection from price volatility on the open market. For example, wine manufacturers are protected when a bad crop pushes grape prices up on the spot market if they hold a futures contract to buy the grapes at a lower price. Grape growers are also protected if prices drop dramatically - if, for example, there's a surplus caused by a bumper crop - provided they have a contract to sell at a higher price.

Unlike hedgers, speculators use futures contracts to seek profits on price changes. For example, speculators can make (or lose) money, no matter what happens to the grapes, depending on what they paid for the futures contract and what they must pay to offset it.
Imputed interest
When the IRS considers interest should have been paid even though no actual interest payment was made, that’s called imputed interest.  For instance, let’s say you hold a zero-coupon bond that pays no interest during its term. Income taxes are due annually on the imputed interest, even though you don’t receive the actual payment until the bond matures.

In another example, if you lend money to someone without charging interest, the IRS requires you to pay tax as if you had in fact collected at market rates. That’s the case even if the person needs the money, and you have cash to spare.
Index
An index reports changes up or down, usually expressed as points and as a percentage, in a specific financial market, in a number of related markets, or in an economy as a whole. Each index — and there are a large number of them — measures the market or economy it tracks from a specific starting point. That point might be as recent as the previous day or many years in the past. For those reasons, indexes are often used as performance benchmarks, against which to measure the return of investments that resemble those tracked by the index.

A market index may be calculated arithmetically or geometrically. That's one reason two indexes tracking similar markets may report different results. Further, some indexes are weighted and others are not.

Weighting means giving more significance to some elements in the index than to others. For example, a market capitalization weighted index is more influenced by price changes in the stock of its largest companies than by price changes in the stock of its smaller companies.
Index fund
An index fund is designed to mirror the performance of a stock or bond index, such as Standard & Poor's 500® Index (S&P 500®) or the Russell 2000® Index.

To achieve that goal, the fund purchases all of the securities in the index, or a representative sample of them, and adds or sells investments only when the securities in the index change. Each index fund aims to keep pace with its underlying index, not outperform it. 

This strategy can produce strong returns during a bull market, when the index reflects increasing prices. But it may produce disappointing returns during economic downturns, when an actively managed fund might take advantage of investment opportunities if they arise to outperform the index.

Because the typical index fund's portfolio is not actively managed, most index funds have lower-than-average management costs and smaller expense ratios. However, not all index funds tracking the same index provide the same level of performance, in large part because of different fee structures.
Inflation
Inflation is a persistent increase in prices, often triggered when demand for goods is greater than the available supply or when unemployment is low and workers can command higher salaries. Moderate inflation typically accompanies economic growth. But the US Federal Reserve Bank and central banks in other nations try to keep inflation in check by decreasing the money supply, making it more difficult to borrow and thus slowing expansion.

Hyperinflation, when prices rise by 100% or more annually, can destroy economic, and sometimes political, stability by driving the price of necessities higher than people can afford. Deflation, in contrast, is a widespread decline in prices that also has the potential to undermine the economy by stifling production and increasing unemployment.





Interest
Interest is what you pay to borrow money using a loan, credit card, or line of credit. It is calculated at either a fixed or variable rate that’s expressed as a percentage of the amount you borrow, pegged to a specific time period. For example, you may pay 1.2% interest monthly on the unpaid balance of your credit card.

Interest also refers to the income, figured as a percentage of principal, that you're paid for purchasing a bond, keeping money in a bank account, or making other interest-paying investments. If it is simple interest, earnings are figured on the principal. If it is compound interest, the earnings are added to the principal to form a new base on which future income is calculated.

Interest is also a share or right in a property or asset. For example, if you are half-owner of a vacation home, you have a 50% interest.


Investment funds
Investment funds are the investment alternatives offered by a mutual fund or variable annuity company. In the case of an annuity company, the funds may also be called subaccounts, variable accounts or investment portfolios.

The funds that a company offers generally include a range of equity and fixed-income alternatives with a variety of investment objectives and risk profiles. There may also be funds that combine equity and fixed-income investments in various proportions, such as balanced funds and equity income funds.

Investment income
Investment income may come from earnings the investment produces or from capital gains, which you realize for selling an investment for more than you paid to buy it. Investment earnings include interest from bonds and bank deposits, dividends from stocks and other equity investments, and rent from real estate you may own.

Long-term capital gains – profits from the sale of an asset you’ve held for more than a year – and qualifying dividends are taxed at a lower rate than your other investment income.

IRA (Individual Retirement Account/Annuity)
An Individual Retirement Account/Annuity (IRA) provides tax advantages as you save for retirement. Everyone with earned income may contribute to a tax-deferred IRA. Some people qualify to deduct their contributions when they file their income tax return for the year of the contribution. Among the qualifying factors are adjusted gross income and whether the IRA owner, or the owner and his or her spouse, are also participating in an employer-sponsored retirement plan. Anyone whose modified adjusted gross income is less than the annual cap for his or her filing status qualifies to contribute to a Roth IRA.

There are annual contribution limits, catch-up provisions if you’re 50 or older, and penalties on withdrawals before you turn 59½.

Tax-deferred IRAs have Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) after you turn 72. There are no required minimum distributions on Roth IRAs.

You can make an annual contribution to either type of IRA, up to the annual federal limit, any year you have earned income, even after you turn 72; though you can never contribute more than you earn. Distributions of deductible contributions and all earnings from a traditional IRA are taxed at the same rate as your ordinary income. Earnings in a Roth IRA are income-tax-free at withdrawal if you are at least 59 ½ and your account has been open at least five years. Contributions to a Roth IRA are never deductible.

Joint and survivor life annuity
A joint and survivor life annuity provides income for two lifetimes, that of the annuitant and the joint annuitant, typically the annuitant’s spouse. Although each payment while the annuitant is alive is less than it would have been with the single-life alternative, the payments could last longer and total more.

The amount the surviving joint annuitant receives after the annuitant’s death is a percentage, ranging from 50% to 100% of the amount paid while both were alive. The percentage is optional and is chosen while both annuitants are alive.

Joint and survivor with period certain annuity
A joint and survivor with period certain annuity pays income for two lifetimes, that of the annuitant and the joint annuitant, typically the annuitant’s spouse, for the length of the period certain, or the length of time guaranteed in the contract. The period is usually between five and twenty years. If one or both annuitants survive the period certain, the payments end. But if both die before the end of the period, the beneficiary named in the contract will receive income for the remaining period certain.
Keogh plan
A group of qualified retirement plans, including profit sharing and money purchase defined contribution plans and a defined benefit plan, is available to self-employed people, small-business owners, partners in companies that file an IRS Schedule K, among others. Together these plans are sometimes described as Keogh plans in honor of Eugene Keogh, a US representative from Brooklyn, NY, who was a force behind their creation in 1963.

The employer, not the employee, makes the contributions to Keogh plans, but the employee typically chooses the way the contributions are invested. Like other qualified plans, there are contribution limits, though they are substantially higher than with either 401(k)s or individual retirement plans, and on a par with contribution limits to SEP-IRAs. Any earnings in an employee’s account accumulate tax deferred, and withdrawals from the account are taxed at regular income tax rates.

If you participate in a Keogh plan, a 10% federal tax penalty applies to withdrawals you take before you turn 59 1/2, and minimum required distributions (MRD) must begin by April 1 of the year following the year that you turn 70 1/2 unless you’re still working. In that case you can postpone MRDs until April 1 of the year following the year you actually retire. The only exception—and it is more common here than in other retirement plans — is if you own more than 5% of the company. If you leave your job or retire, you can roll over your account value to an individual retirement account (IRA).

If you’re eligible to establish a qualified retirement plan, a Keogh may be attractive because there are several ways to structure the plan, you may be able to shelter more money than with other plans by electing the defined benefit alternative, and you have more control in establishing which employees qualify for the plan. But the reporting requirements can be complex, making it wise to have professional help in setting up and administering a plan.

Large-capitalization (large-cap) stock
The stock of companies with market capitalizations of $10 billion or more is known as large-cap stock. Market capitalization is figured by multiplying the number of either the outstanding or the floating shares by the current share price. Large-cap stock is generally considered less volatile than stock in smaller companies, in part because the bigger companies may have larger reserves to carry them through economic downturns.

However, market capitalization is always in flux. Today's large-cap stock can drop out of that category if the share price plunges either in a general market downturn or as a result of internal problems. And the opposite is true as well. Many of the country's largest companies began life as start-ups and some prosper for a time and then disappear.
Lifetime learning credit
You may qualify to claim a lifetime learning tax credit each year for qualified higher educational expenses, including your own, depending on your income. The course work doesn't have to be part of a degree-granting program, though the tax credit can be used for undergraduate, postgraduate, or professional studies.

To qualify for this credit, your income must fall within the annual limits that Congress sets. Those amounts tend to increase slightly each year.

Even if you are paying for more than one person's education, you can take only one lifetime learning credit per year.
Lipper, Inc
Lipper provides financial data and performance analysis for more than 30,000 open- and closed-end mutual funds and variable annuities worldwide. The company evaluates funds on the strength of their success in meeting their investment objectives and identifies the strongest funds in specific categories as Lipper Leaders. The research company's mutual fund indexes are considered benchmarks for the various categories of funds.
Liquidity
If you can convert an asset to cash easily and quickly, with little or no loss of value, the asset has liquidity. For example, you can cash in a certificate of deposit (CD) for at least the amount you put into it although you may forfeit some or all of the interest you had expected to earn if you liquidate before the end of the CD's term.

The term liquidity is also sometimes used to describe investments you can buy or sell easily. For example, you could sell several hundred shares of a blue chip stock by simply calling your broker, something that might not be possible if you wanted to sell real estate or collectibles. The difference between liquidating cash-equivalent investments and securities like stocks and bonds, however, is that securities constantly fluctuate in value. So while you may be able to sell them readily, you might sell for less than you paid to buy them if you sold when the price was down.
Loan note
A loan note is a promissory agreement describing the terms of a loan and committing the person or institution borrowing the money to live up to those terms. For example, a mortgage loan note states the principal balance, the interest rate, the discount points, a payment schedule and due date, and any potential penalties for violating the repayment terms. When the required repayment has been made, the agreement between the parties ends.
Long-term capital gain (or loss)
When you sell a capital asset that you have owned for more than a year at a higher price than you paid to buy it, any profit on the sale is considered a long-term capital gain. If you sell for less than you paid to purchase the asset, you have a long-term capital loss.

Unlike short-term gains, which are taxed at your ordinary income tax rate, most long-term gains on most investments, including real estate and securities, are taxed at rates lower than the rates on ordinary income.

You can deduct your long-term losses from your long-term gains, and your short-term losses from your short-term gains, to reduce the amount on which potential tax may be due. You may also be able to deduct up to $3,000 in accumulated long-term losses from your ordinary income and carry forward losses you can't use in one tax year to deduct in the next tax year.

Lump-sum distribution
When you retire, you may have the option of taking the value of your pension, salary reduction, or profit-sharing plan in different ways. For example, you might be able to take your money in a series of regular lifetime payments, generally described as an annuity, or all at once, in what is known as a lump-sum distribution.

If you take the lump sum from a defined benefit pension plan, the employer follows specific regulatory rules to calculate how much you would have received over your estimated lifespan if you'd taken the pension as an annuity and then subtracts the amount the fund estimates it would have earned in interest on that amount during the payout period. In contrast, when you take a lump-sum distribution from a defined contribution plan, such as a salary reduction or profit-sharing plan, you receive the amount that has accumulated in the plan. You may or may not have the option to take a lump-sum distribution from these plans when you change jobs.

You can take a lump-sum distribution as cash, or you can roll over the distribution into an individual retirement account (IRA). If you take the cash, you owe income tax on the full amount of the distribution, and you may owe an additional 10% penalty if you're younger than 59½. If you roll over the lump sum into an IRA, the full amount continues to be tax deferred, and you can postpone paying income tax until you withdraw from the account.
Marginal tax rate
Because the US income tax system is progressive, your tax rate rises as your taxable income rises. Your marginal tax rate is the rate you pay on the taxable income that falls into the highest bracket you reach.

For instance, if you have a taxable income that falls into three brackets, you would pay at the 10% rate on the first portion, the 15% rate on the next portion, and the 22% federal tax on only the third portion. Your marginal rate would be 22%.

However, your marginal tax rate is higher than your effective tax rate, which is the average rate you pay on your combined taxable income. That’s because you’re only paying tax at your marginal, or maximum, rate on the top portion of your income.

Keep in mind that your marginal tax rate only applies to tax on ordinary income, and does not take into account other tax liabilities — such as realized long-term capital gains which are taxed at your long capital gains rate — or tax credits for which you may be eligible, which may reduce the actual tax you pay.
Market capitalization
Market capitalization is a measure of the value of a company, calculated by multiplying the number of either the outstanding shares or the floating shares by the current price per share. For example, a company with 100 million shares of floating stock that has a current market value of $25 a share would have a market capitalization of $2.5 billion.

Outstanding shares include all the stock held by shareholders, while floating shares are those outstanding shares that actually are available to trade.

Market capitalization, or cap, is one of the criteria investors use to choose a varied portfolio of stocks, which are often categorized as small-, mid-, and large-cap. Generally, large-cap stocks are considered the least volatile, and small caps the most volatile.

The term market capitalization is sometimes used interchangeably with market value, in explaining, for example, how a particular index is weighted or where a company stands in relation to other companies.
Market cycles
Market cycles are the recurrent patterns of expansion and contraction that characterize the securities and real estate markets. While the pace of these recurrent cycles of gain and loss isn’t predictable, certain economic conditions affect the markets in fairly reliable ways.

For instance, stocks and real estate usually gain value when the economy is healthy and growing, whereas bonds often do well during periods of rising interest rates. And during times of economic uncertainty, investors often prefer to put their money into short-term cash equivalent investments, such as US Treasury bills.

The cyclical pattern in one type of asset sometimes works in opposition to what’s occurring at the same time in another asset class or subclass. For example, when the stock market is gaining value, the bond market may be flat or falling, or vice versa. Similarly, sometimes large-company stocks increase in value faster than small caps, but sometimes the opposite is true.
Mid-capitalization (mid-cap) stock
A mid-cap stock is one issued by a corporation whose market capitalization falls in a range between $3 billion and $15 billion, making it larger than a small-cap stock but smaller than a large-cap stock. Market capitalization is figured by multiplying the number of either the outstanding or the floating shares by the current share price.

Investors tend to buy mid-cap stocks for their growth potential. Their prices are typically lower than those of large-caps. At the same time, these companies tend to be less volatile than small-caps, in part because they have more resources with which to weather an economic downturn



Money market
The money market is the continual buying and selling of short-term liquid investments. Those investments include Treasury bills, Certificates of Deposit (CDs), commercial paper and other debt issued by corporations and governments. These investments are also known as money market instruments.


Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's is a financial services company best known for rating investments. Moody's rates bonds, common stocks, commercial paper, municipal short-term bonds, preferred stocks, and annuity contracts. Its bond rating system, which assigns a grade from Aaa through C3 based on the financial condition of the issuer, has become a world standard.

Morningstar, Inc.
Morningstar, Inc., offers a broad range of investment information, research, and analysis online, in software products, and in print. For example, the company rates open- and closed-end mutual funds and variable annuities, as well as other investment products, using a system of one to five stars, with five being the highest rating.

The Morningstar system is a risk-adjusted rating that brings performance, or return, and risk together into one evaluation. In addition, Morningstar produces analytical reports on the funds and variable annuities it rates, as well as on stocks sold in US and international markets.
Mortgage
A mortgage, or more precisely a mortgage loan, is a long-term loan used to finance the purchase of real estate. As the borrower, or mortgager, you repay the lender, or mortgagee, the loan principal plus interest, gradually building your equity in the property. The interest may be calculated at either a fixed or variable rate, and the term of the loan is typically between 10 and 30 years.

Municipal bond (muni)
Municipal bonds are debt securities issued by state or local governments or their agencies to finance general governmental activities or special projects. For example, a state may float a bond to fund the construction of highways or college dormitories.

The interest a muni pays is usually exempt from federal income taxes, and is also exempt from state and local income taxes if you live in the state where it was issued. However, any capital gains you realize from selling a muni are taxable, and some muni interest may be vulnerable to the alternative minimum tax (AMT).

Munis generally pay interest at a lower rate than similarly rated corporate bonds of the same term. However, they appeal to investors in the highest tax brackets, who may benefit most from the tax-exempt income.
Mutual fund
A mutual fund is a professionally managed investment product that sells shares to investors and pools the capital it raises to purchase investments. A fund typically buys a diversified portfolio of stock, bonds, money market securities, or a combination of stock and bonds, depending on the investment objectives of the fund. Mutual funds may also hold other investments, such as derivatives.

A fund that makes a continuous offering of its shares to the public and will buy any shares an investor wishes to redeem, or sell back, is known as an open-end fund. An open-end fund trades at net asset value (NAV). The NAV is the value of the fund’s portfolio plus money waiting to be invested, minus operating expenses, divided by the number of outstanding shares.

Load funds — those that charge upfront or back-end sales fees — are sold through brokers or financial advisers. No-load funds are sold directly to investors by the investment company offering the fund. These funds, which don't charge sales fees, may use 12b-1 fees to pass on the cost of providing shareholder services.

All mutual funds charge management fees, though at different rates, and they may also levy other fees and charges, which are reported as the fund’s expense ratio. These costs plus the trading costs, which aren’t included in the expense ratio, reduce the return you realize from investing in the fund.

A fund that sells its shares to the public only until sales reach a predetermined level is known a closed-end fund. The shares of a closed end fund trade in the market place the way common stock does.

Net asset value (NAV)
The NAV is the dollar value of one share of a fund. It’s calculated by totaling the value of all the fund's holdings plus money waiting investment, subtracting operating expenses, and dividing by the number of outstanding shares. A fund’s NAV changes regularly, though day-to-day variations are usually small.

The NAV is the price per share an open-end mutual fund pays when you redeem, or sell back, your shares. With no-load mutual funds, the NAV and the offering price, or what you pay to buy a share, are the same. With front-load funds, the offering price is the sum of the NAV and the sales charge per share and is sometimes known as the maximum offering price (MOP).

The NAV of an exchange traded fund (ETF) or a closed-end mutual fund may be higher or lower than the market price of a share of the fund. With ETF, though, the difference is usually quite small because of a unique mechanism that allows institutional investors to buy or redeem large blocks of shares at the NAV with in-kind baskets of the fund's stocks.

Net worth
A corporation's net worth is the retained earnings, or the amount left after dividends are paid, plus the money in its capital accounts, minus all of its short- and long-term debt. Its net worth is reported in the corporation's 10-K filing and annual report. Net worth may also be called shareholder equity, and it’s one of the factors you consider in evaluating a company in which you’re considering an investment.

To figure your own net worth, you add the value of the assets you own, including but not limited to cash, securities, personal property, real estate, and retirement accounts, and subtract your liabilities, or what you owe in loans and other obligations. If your assets are larger than your liabilities, you have a positive net worth. But if your liabilities outweigh your assets, you have a negative net worth. When you apply for a loan, potential lenders may want to see your net worth statement.

Nonqualified annuity
A nonqualified annuity is a retirement savings product you purchase on your own, outside of either a qualified retirement plan offered through an employer or an IRA. You pay the premiums of a nonqualified annuity with after-tax dollars.  However, as with a qualified annuity, any earnings in a nonqualified annuity accumulate tax deferred.

A nonqualified annuity also allows you to invest more than the annual limit imposed on qualified plans and gives you the flexibility to contribute unearned income. That means you can fund the annuity by contributing money you inherit, receive as a lump sum, or realize from your investments.

Further, there are no federally mandated distributions, so you can begin receiving income from your nonqualified annuity on your own schedule once you are at least 59 1/2. You can also delay taking income until you need it, subject to the terms of your contract.
Non-refund life annuity
A non-refund life annuity, also known as a straight life annuity, is a contract entered into with an insurance company, which obligates the company to pay lifetime income to the annuitant. However, after the annuitant’s death, the insurance company no longer has an obligation to make additional payments to a surviving spouse or other beneficiary. The income that a non-refund life annuity provides is generally higher than the income from a joint and survivor or period certain contract with a similar contract value, annuitant age and interest rate.

Option
Buying an option gives you the right to buy or sell a specific financial instrument at a specific price, called the strike price, during a preset period of time. In the United States, you can buy or sell listed options on individual stocks, stock indexes, futures contracts, currencies, and debt securities.

If you buy an option to buy, which is known as a call, you pay a one-time premium that's a fraction of the cost of buying the underlying instrument. For example, when a particular stock is trading at $75 a share, you might buy a call option giving you the right to buy 100 shares of that stock at a strike price of $80 a share.

If the price goes higher than the strike price, you can exercise the option and buy the stock at the strike price, or sell the option, potentially at a net profit. If the stock price doesn't go higher than the strike price before the option expires, you don't exercise. Your only cost is the money that you paid for the premium.

Similarly, you may buy a put option, which gives you the right to sell the underlying instrument at the strike price. In this case, you may exercise the option or sell it at a potential profit if the market price drops below the strike price.

In contrast, if you sell a put or call option, you collect a premium and must be prepared to deliver (in the case of a call) or purchase (in the case of a put) the underlying instrument. That'll happen if the investor who holds the option decides to exercise it and you’re assigned to fulfill the obligation. To neutralize your obligation to fulfill the terms of the contract before an option you sold is exercised, you may choose to buy an offsetting option.
Overdraft
An overdraft is a withdrawal from a bank account that exceeds the funds you have available. If you overdraw your account and you have overdraft protection, the bank will transfer money up to the limit on your line of credit to your account to cover the withdrawal. Although you will pay interest on the amount the bank lends you without overdraft protection, you can also expect to pay substantial fees for each overdraft.


Paper profit (or loss)
If you own an asset that increases in value, any increase in value is a paper profit, or unrealized gain. If you sell the asset for more than you paid to buy it, your paper profit becomes an actual profit, or realized gain. The same relationship applies if the asset has lost value. You have a paper loss until you sell, when it becomes a realized loss.

You owe no capital gains tax on a paper profit, though you use the paper value when calculating gains or losses in your investment portfolio, for example. The risk with a paper profit is that it may disappear before you realize it. On the other hand, you may postpone selling because you expect the value to increase further.
Passive income
You collect passive income from certain businesses in which you aren't an active participant. They may include limited partnerships where you’re a limited partner, rental real estate that you own but don’t manage, and other operations in which you’re an investor but have a hands-off relationship. Neither earned investment nor investment income from dividends, interest, or capital gains is considered passive income.
Passive losses
You have passive losses from businesses in which you aren't an active participant. These include limited partnerships, such as real estate limited partnerships, and other types of activities that you don't help manage.

You can deduct losses from passive investments against income you earn on similar ventures. For example, you can use your losses from rental real estate to reduce gains from other limited partnerships. Or you can deduct those losses from any profits you realize from selling a passive investment.

However, you can't use passive losses to offset earned income, income from your actively managed businesses, or investment income.
Pension
A defined benefit pension is a retirement plan set up by a corporation, labor union, government, or other organization to provide retired employees with a specific income — either as a lump sum or as an annuity — for the rest of their lives.

The pension amount typically depends on the employee's age at retirement, final salary, and the number of years on the job. Details of the pension are explained in the plan document. An employee's surviving spouse is also entitled to receive at least 50% of the pension benefit for life unless he or she waives that alternative in writing.

Many traditional pensions — otherwise known as defined benefit plans — have been replaced by defined contribution or cash balance plans. In some of these arrangements, employers put money into retirement funds for their employees, without guaranteeing the retirement benefit the employee will receive. In others, employees defer current income into the plan, and the employer may or may not provide a matching contribution.
Portfolio
If you own more than one security, you have an investment portfolio. You build your portfolio by buying additional stocks, bonds, annuities, mutual funds, or other investments. Your goal is to increase the portfolio's value by selecting investments that you believe will go up in price.

According to modern portfolio theory, you can reduce your investment risk by creating a diversified portfolio that includes different asset classes and individual securities chosen from different segments, or subclasses, of those asset classes. That diversification is designed to take advantage of the potential for strong returns from at least some of the portfolio’s investments in any economic climate.






Prepayment penalty
Most lenders allow you to prepay the outstanding balance of a loan at any time without a fee, but some lenders charge a prepayment penalty, which is usually a percentage of the amount you borrowed. If your loan agreement doesn’t have a prepayment clause, which excludes a fee for early termination, the penalty may apply.

Many states prohibit prepayment fees, and they’re not allowed on any mortgage loans purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. But they are allowed in other states, and lenders may offer a lower rate on loans with prepayment penalties because they are locking in their long-term profit.

Similarly lenders who offer to waive closing costs and points when you refinance may impose a penalty if you pay off the loan within the first few years. But if you’re not planning to move, this refinancing deal could save you money.
Pretax contribution
A pretax contribution is money that you agree to have subtracted from your gross income and put into a retirement savings plan or other employer-sponsored benefit plan. Your taxable earnings are reduced by the amount of your contribution, which reduces the income tax you owe in the year you make the contribution. Pretax contributions to retirement plans, such as 401(k), 403(b) or 457(b) plans, are taxed when you withdraw the amount from your plan
Principal
Principal can refer to an amount of money you invest, the face amount of a bond, or the balance you owe on a debt, distinct from the finance charges you pay to borrow. A principal is also a person for whom a broker carries out a trade, or a person who executes a trade on his or her own behalf.

Qualified distribution
A qualified distribution is a tax-free, penalty-free withdrawal from a Roth IRA, Roth 401(k) or Roth 403(b) that meets the requirements for avoiding taxes and penalties. Those requirements include being at least 59½ and having a Roth account that’s been open at least five tax years. However, there are exceptions if you are disabled or are using up to $10,000 to buy or renovate your first home.

Qualified domestic trust (QDOT)
If your spouse isn’t a US citizen and your estate is large enough to risk being vulnerable to estate taxes, you can use a qualified domestic trust (QDOT) to allow your spouse to enjoy the benefit of the marital deduction until his or her own death.

In short, the marital deduction means that one spouse can leave the other all of his or her assets free of estate tax. The inherited assets become part of the estate of the surviving spouse, and unless the combined value is less than the exempt amount, estate tax could be due at the death of that spouse.

The difference, with a QDOT, is that at the death of the surviving, non-citizen spouse, the assets in the trust don’t become part of his or her estate, but are taxed as if they were still part of the estate of the first spouse to die.

Income distributions from the trust are subject to income tax alone, but distributions of principal may be subject to estate tax.
Qualified retirement plan
A qualified retirement plan is an employer sponsored plan that meets the requirements established by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the US Congress. Pensions, profit-sharing plans, money purchase plans, cash balance plans, SEP-IRAs, SIMPLEs, and 401(k)s are all examples of qualified plans, though each type works a little differently.

Employers may take a tax deduction for contributions to qualified plans, and in some plans employees may make tax-deferred contributions.

Among the other requirements, a qualified plan must provide for all eligible employees equivalently. That means the plan can't treat highly paid employees more generously than it does less-well paid employees, though one group of employees, such as those within five years of the official retirement age, may receive different treatment than another group.

In contrast, a nonqualified plan may be available to some employees and not others. In some plans, nonqualified contributions are made with after-tax dollars, either by the employer or the employee, although any earnings in the plan are tax deferred. In other plans, future benefits are promised but contributions are not actually deposited in an account established for the employee.

Mandatory federal withdrawal rules that apply to qualified plans do not apply in the same way to nonqualified plans, though nonqualified plans are subject to stringent regulation as well.

Rate of return
The rate of return is the percentage gain or loss on an investment. You calculate rate of return by dividing the total return - any income from the investment plus or minus the change in the investment's value - by the amount that was invested. Rate of return may be calculated for any time period, though multiyear returns are typically annualized by dividing the total return by the number of years that have elapsed.

Real rate of return
You find the real rate of return on an investment by subtracting the rate of inflation from the nominal, or named, rate of return. For example, if you have a return of 6% on a bond in a period when inflation is averaging 2%, your real rate of return is 4%. But if inflation were 4%, your real rate of return would be only 2%.

Finding real rate of return is generally a calculation you have to do on your own. It isn't provided in annual reports, prospectuses, or other publications that report investment performance.
Recession
Broadly defined, a recession is a downturn in a nation's economic activity. The consequences typically include increased unemployment, decreased consumer and business spending, and declining stock prices. Recessions are typically shorter than the periods of economic expansion that they follow, but they can be quite severe even if brief. Recovery is slower from some recessions than from others.

The National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), which tracks recessions, describes the low point of a recession as a trough between two peaks, the points at which a recession began and ended - all three of which can be identified only in retrospect.

The Conference Board, a business research group, considers three consecutive monthly drops in its Index of Leading Economic Indicators a sign of decline and potential recession up to 18 months in the future. The Board's record in predicting recessions is uneven, having correctly anticipated some but expected others that never materialized.

Required Minimum Distribution (RMD)
A required minimum distribution is the smallest amount you can take each year from your 401(k), 403(b), traditional IRA, or other retirement savings plan once you've reached the mandatory age for making withdrawals, usually 72. If you take less than the required minimum, you owe a 50% penalty on the amount you should have taken.

You calculate your RMD by dividing your account balance at the end of your plan's fiscal year — usually but not always December 31 — by a uniform withdrawal factor determined by your life expectancy. If your spouse is your beneficiary and more than ten years younger than you are, you can use a longer life expectancy than you can in all other circumstances.

Return
Your return is the profit or loss you have on your investments, including income and change in value. Return can be expressed as a percentage and is calculated by adding the income and the change in value and then dividing by the initial principal or investment amount. You can find the annualized return by dividing the percentage return by the number of years you have held the investment.

For example, if you bought a stock at $25 a share and sold it for $30 a share, your return would be $5. If you bought on January 3, and sold it the following January 4, that would be a 20% annual percentage return, or the $5 return divided by your $25 investment. But if you held the stock for five years before selling for $30 a share, your annual return would be 4%, because the 20% gain is divided by five years rather than one year.

Percentage return and annual percentage return allow you to compare the return provided by different investments or investments you have held for different periods of time.
Risk
According to modern investment theory, the greater the risk you take in making an investment, the greater your return should be if the investment succeeds. For example, investing in a startup company carries substantial risk, since there is no guarantee that it will be profitable. But if it is, you're likely to realize a greater gain than if you had invested a similar amount in an already established company.

As a rule of thumb, if you are unwilling to take some investment risk, you are likely to limit your investment reward. For example, if you put all your money into insured bank deposits, which protects your principal, your real rate of return is unlikely to exceed inflation.

Rollover
If you move your assets from one investment to another, it's called a rollover. For example, if you move money from one individual retirement annuity (IRA) to another IRA, that transaction is a rollover. In the same vein, if you move money from a qualified retirement plan into an IRA, you create a rollover IRA.

Similarly, when a bond or certificate of deposit (CD) matures, you can roll over the assets into another bond or time deposit.

Rollover IRA
A rollover IRA is an individual retirement annuity you create with tax-deferred assets you move from an employer sponsored retirement plan to a self-directed investment account. If you arrange for a direct rollover, the trustee of your employer's plan transfers the assets to the trustee you select for your IRA. In that case the total value of the account moves from one to the other.

If you handle the rollover yourself, by getting a check from your employer's plan and depositing it in your IRA, your employer must withhold 20% of the total to prepay taxes that will be due if you fail to redeposit the full amount of the money you're moving into a tax-deferred account within 60 days.

The required withholding forces you to supply the missing 20% from another source to meet the deposit deadline if you want to maintain the tax-deferred status of the full amount and avoid taxes and a potential early withdrawal tax penalty on the amount you don't deposit in the IRA.

Rollover/Transfer
A direct rollover or transfer occurs when you instruct the trustee or custodian of your tax-deferred retirement savings account, such as a 401(k) or 403(b), to move the assets in the account to the trustee or custodian of a different retirement plan or IRA. Because both accounts are tax-deferred, and the transaction is handled between trustees or custodians, the account continues to be tax-deferred, and no taxes are withheld.

In contrast, an indirect rollover or transfer occurs if you handle moving the assets yourself by receiving a distribution from a plan or IRA and then depositing the funds into another plan or account. In those cases, the plan administrator or account custodian must withhold 20% of the account value for federal income tax. You will not be taxed on the distribution if you deposit the fund into a qualified plan or IRA within 60 days.

Roth 401(k)
The Roth 401(k) retirement plan, which was introduced in 2006, allows you to make after-tax contributions to your account. Earnings may be withdrawn tax free, provided that you are at least 59½ and your account has been open five years or more.

Both the Roth 401(k) and the traditional 401(k) have the same contribution limits and distribution requirements. You can add no more than the annual federal limit each year, and you must begin taking required minimum distributions (RMD) by April 1 of the year following the year you reach age 72.  You can postpone RMDs if you are still working.

You may not move assets from a Roth 401(k) account to a traditional account, though you may be able to split your annual contribution between the two. If you leave your job or retire, you can roll Roth 401(k) assets into a Roth IRA, just as you can roll traditional 401(k) assets into a traditional IRA.

Most 401(k) plans, including the Roth, are self-directed, which means you must choose specific investments from among those offered through the plan.

Roth IRA
A Roth IRA is a variation on a traditional individual retirement account (IRA). It allows you to withdraw your earnings completely tax free any time after you reach age 59½, provided your account has been open at least five years. Because contributions are made with after-tax dollars, they can be withdrawn tax free as well.

You may also be able to withdraw money earlier without penalty if you qualify for certain exceptions, such as using up to $10,000 toward the purchase of a first home. And since a Roth IRA has no required withdrawals, you can continue to accumulate tax-free earnings as long as you like.

You can make a nondeductible annual contribution, up to the annual federal limit, any year you have earned income, even after age 72, though you can never contribute more than you earn. If you are 50 or older, you may also make annual catch-up contributions.

To contribute to a Roth IRA, your modified adjusted gross income (AGI) must be less than the annual limit set by Congress.
Russell 1000 Index
This capitalization-weighted index, published by the Frank Russell Company of Tacoma, WA, tracks the 1,000 largest stocks that are included in the Russell 3000 Index and represents approximately 92% of the market value US stock. The index is rebalanced annually, at the end of June, and is widely used as a benchmark of large-cap US stock performance.
Russell 2000 Index
The Russell 2000 Index, published by the Frank Russell Company of Tacoma, WA, tracks the stocks of the 2,000 smallest companies in the Russell 3000 Index. The index includes many of the initial public offerings (IPOs) of recent years and is considered the benchmark index for small-cap investments.
S&P 500® Index
This benchmark index, also called the S&P 500®, tracks the performance of 500 widely held US large-capitalization companies in various sectors and industries. The companies included in the index and the number that represent each sector vary from time to time, at the discretion of the S&P index committee.

Changes in the stock price of companies with the largest market caps among the 500 that this capitalization-weighted index tracks have more influence on the movement of the index as a whole than changes in the stock price of smaller-cap companies. Capitalization, also called market value, is calculated by multiplying the number of floating shares times the current share price.

S&P Global Ratings
S&P Global Ratings is an investment services company that rates bonds, stocks, commercial paper, and insurance companies. It also compiles influential stock market indexes and publishes a broad range of reports, guides, and handbooks on financial topics. The S&P 500® Index is one of the key measures of stock market performance and is also the benchmark for a large number of stock index funds. S&P® is a trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC.


Salary reduction plan
A salary reduction plan is a type of employer-sponsored retirement savings plan. Typical examples are 401(k)s, 403(b)s, 457s, and SIMPLE IRAs. A salary reduction plan allows you, as an employee, to contribute some of your current income to a retirement account in your name and to accumulate tax-deferred earnings on those contributions.

In most plans, you contribute pretax income, which reduces your current income tax, and you pay tax at withdrawal at your regular rate. With Roth salary reduction plans, you contribute after-tax income but qualify for tax-free withdrawals if you are older than 59½ and your account has been open at least five years.

Your employer may match some or all of your contribution according to a formula that applies on an equal basis to all participating employees. All salary reduction plans have an annual contribution cap that's set by Congress, and allow annual catch-up contributions for participants 50 and older.

Saver’s credit
A saver’s credit is an amount you can deduct from the federal income tax you owe when you file your income tax return for the previous year. To qualify for the credit, you must be at least 18, not currently a student, and are not being claimed as a dependent on anyone else’s return.

The amount of the credit, which depends on your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) and filing status, is a percentage of contributions you make to an IRA, contributions you chose to make to an employer’s retirement savings plan, contributions to an ABLE account (for individuals with disabilities) for which you’re the designated beneficiary, and certain other plans. The maximum credit is $1,000 if you’re a single filer and $2,000 if you’re married and filing a joint return.

Security
Traditionally, a security was a physical document, such as stock or bond certificate, that represented your investment in that stock or bond. But with the advent of electronic recordkeeping, paper certificates have increasingly been replaced by electronic documentation. In current general usage, the term security refers to the stock, bond, or other investment product itself rather than to evidence of ownership.

Separate account
An insurance company's separate account is established to hold the premiums you use to purchase funds included in variable annuity contracts the company offers. The separate account is distinct from the company's general account, which holds the company's assets as well as premiums for fixed annuities and Interest Accumulation Account.

Assets in a company's separate account are not vulnerable to the claims of creditors, as assets in the general account are. But they can be affected by the ups and downs of the marketplace. Any gain or loss in value results from the investment performance of the investments in the separate account funds you select.

Separate account fund
Each variable annuity contract offers a number of separate account funds. Each of those funds owns a collection of individual investments chosen by a professional manager who is striving to achieve a particular objective, such as long-term growth or regular income.

You allocate your variable annuity premiums among different separate account funds offered in your contract to create a diversified portfolio of funds, sometimes called investment portfolios or subaccounts.

If you're comparing different contracts to decide which to purchase, among the factors to consider are the variety of funds each contract offers, the past performance of those funds, the experience of the professional manager, and the fees.

In evaluating the past performance and other details of the funds a contract offers, or the funds you are using in the contract you selected, you can use the prospectus the annuity company provides for each separate account fund.  You may be able to find independent research on the funds from firms such as Morningstar, Inc., Standard & Poor's, and Lipper.

SIMPLE
A SIMPLE, short for Savings Incentive Match Plans for Employees, is an employer sponsored retirement savings plan that may be offered by companies with fewer than 100 employees. Employers must contribute to eligible employees' accounts each year in one of two ways. They can make a contribution equal to 2% of salary for every employee, or match dollar-for-dollar each employee's contribution to the plan, up to 3% of that employee's annual salary.

A SIMPLE may be set up by establishing an IRA in each employee's name or as a 401(k). Congress sets an annual dollar limit on the tax-deferred amount an employee may contribute, based on the type of SIMPLE it is. Contribution ceilings for SIMPLE-IRAs are lower than for other employer sponsored plans.

You may withdraw assets from a SIMPLE without penalty if you are 59½ or older and retired. And you must begin taking minimum required distributions by April 1 of the year following the year you turn 72 unless you're still working. Taxes are due on distributions at your regular tax rate. You may roll your assets over into another employer plan or an IRA if you leave your job for any reason or retire.

Two key differences between SIMPLEs and other employer plans are that your account must be open at least two years before you can withdraw or move the money, and the federal tax penalty for early withdrawal is 25% of the amount you take, rather than 10%.

Simplified employee pension plan (SEP)
A SEP is a qualified retirement plan set up as an individual retirement annuity (IRA) in an employee's name. You can establish an SEP for yourself if you own a small business, or you may participate as an employee if you work for a company that sponsors such a plan. The federal government sets the requirements for participation, the maximum annual contribution limits, and the rules governing withdrawals.

Single-sum distribution
A single-sum distribution, also known as a lump-sum distribution, is a one-time payout of the balance of your defined benefit or defined contribution plan account. By electing the single-sum distribution, you give up your right to periodic income payments from the plan.

There are arguments for and against this approach. On the negative side, you face a significant tax bill, which will reduce the amount you have to reinvest or save. In addition, it becomes your responsibility to ensure that you’ll have adequate retirement income. On the positive side, if the plan sponsor is on uncertain financial ground, it often makes sense to access the full value of your account. In addition, in some cases, you may not be able to leave your account with a former employer, though a direct rollover to an IRA could be an alternative.

Small-capitalization (small-cap) stock
Shares of relatively small publicly traded corporations with a total market capitalization of less than $3 billion are typically considered small-capitalization, or small-cap, stocks. Market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the market price per share by the number of outstanding shares.

Small-cap stocks, which are tracked by the Russell 2000 Index, tend to be issued by young, potentially fast-growing companies. Over the long term - though not in every period - small-cap stocks as a group have produced stronger returns than any other investment category. Mutual funds that invest in this type of stock are known as small-cap funds.

Specialist
A specialist or specialist unit is a member of a securities exchange responsible for maintaining a fair and orderly market in a specific security or securities on the exchange floor. Specialists execute market orders given to them by other members of the exchange known as floor brokers or sent to their post through an electronic routing system.

Typically, a specialist acts both as agent and principal. As agent, the specialist handles limit orders for floor brokers in exchange for a portion of their commission. Those orders are maintained in an electronic record known as the limit order book, or specialist's book, until the stock is trading at the acceptable price. As principal, the specialist buys for his or her own account to help maintain a stable market in a security.

For example, if the spread, or difference, between the bid and ask (the highest price offered by a buyer and the lowest price asked by a seller) gets too wide, and trading in the security hits a lull, the specialist might buy, sell, or sell short shares to narrow the spread and stimulate trading. But because of restrictions the exchange puts on trading, a specialist is not permitted to buy a security when there is an unexecuted order for the same security and the same price in the limit order book.

Spending plan
A spending plan can help you manage your money more effectively, live within your income limits, reduce your reliance on consumer credit, and save for the things you want.

You create a spending plan, or budget, by dividing up your income so that it covers your regular expenses - both essential and nonessential. It's a good idea to include some income for your emergency fund-typically about three months of income-and ideally some for your investment account.

As a starting point, some people use what they spent the previous year to figure out their spending plan for the next year.

You may want to check the Bureau of Labor Statistics website (www.bls.gov) for the average nationwide expenditures for housing, food, and other costs. But you may have to modify that information to reflect local costs and your own situation.










Split-funded annuity
A split-funded annuity lets you begin receiving income from a portion of your principal immediately, while the rest of the money goes into a deferred annuity.

The advantage of split-funding is that you have the benefit of some income right away for immediate needs or wants, while the balance compounds tax deferred, allowing you to build your retirement assets.

One goal of a split-funded annuity is providing a larger future income when you begin to draw on the deferred portion than you would receive if you annuitized the entire principal now.

Spread
In the most general sense, a spread is the difference between two similar measures. In the stock market, for example, the spread is the difference between the highest price offered and the lowest price asked.

With fixed-income securities, such as bonds, the spread is the difference between the yields on securities having the same investment grade but different maturity dates. For example, if the yield on a long-term Treasury bond is 6%, and the yield on a Treasury bill is 4%, the spread is 2%.

The spread may also be the difference in yields on securities that have the same maturity date but are of different investment quality. For example, there is a 3% spread between a high-yield bond paying 9% and a Treasury bond paying 6% that both come due on the same date.

The term also refers to the price difference between two different derivatives of the same class. For example, there should be a spread between the price of the October wheat futures contract and the January wheat futures contract. Part of that spread is known as the cost of carry. However, the spread widens and narrows, caused by changes in the market - in this case the wheat market.

Stable value funds
Stable value funds invest to provide capital preservation by maintaining a value of $1 per share. The funds achieve this objective by investing in a combination of short- and intermediate-term bonds, or bond funds plus insurance company contracts.

The insurance company contracts, sometimes described as wrappers, help to protect the fund assets against the potential risk of the return on the portfolio of bond investments turning negative. That can occur if interest rates rise, depressing the price of the bonds.

Even if the bond investments themselves have a negative return, the wrapper is meant to insure that the fund value does not drop below $1 and the crediting rate on fund assets will not be less than zero.

State guaranty funds
State guaranty funds, which are offered in every state, protect contract owners against the insolvency of an insurance company that has issued insurance contracts including annuity contracts. However, each state's laws set different limits on benefits and coverage.

The guaranty funds are backed by an association of insurance companies, not the state or federal government. But all insurance companies in the state must belong and contribute to the fund in order to be licensed to sell their products. But if you buy your contract from a highly rated company, its financial strength and reputation stand behind your contract.

Rating services such as S&P Global, Ratings Moody's, AM Best, and Fitch rank insurance companies on their overall financial condition, which underlies their ability to meet their obligations. You can request these reports from the insurance company. They are also available in public libraries, on the Internet, and from your financial adviser.

Step up in basis
When you inherit assets, such as securities or property, they are stepped up in basis. That means the assets are valued at the amount they are worth when your benefactor dies, or as of the date on which his or her estate is valued, and not on the date the assets were purchased. That new valuation becomes your cost basis.

For example, if your father bought 200 shares of stock for $40 a share in 1965, and you inherited them when they were selling for $95 a share, they would have been valued at $95 a share. If you had sold them for $95 a share, your cost basis would have been $95, not the $40 your father paid for them originally. You would not have had a capital gain and would have owed no tax on the amount you received in the sale.

In contrast, if your father had given you the same stocks as a gift where there is no step up, your basis would have been $40 a share. So if you sold at $95 a share, you would have had a taxable capital gain of $55 a share (minus commissions).

Stock
Stock is an equity investment that represents part ownership in a corporation and entitles you to part of that corporation's earnings and assets. Common stock gives shareholders voting rights but no guarantee of dividend payments. Preferred stock provides no voting rights but usually guarantees a dividend payment.

In the past, shareholders received a paper stock certificate - called a security - verifying the number of shares they owned. Today, share ownership is usually recorded electronically, and the shares are held in street name by your brokerage firm.

Subaccount
The separate account funds to which you allocate your variable annuity premiums are sometimes called subaccounts.  Each subaccount is managed by an investment specialist,  or team of specialists, who make buy and sell decisions based on the subaccount's objective and their analysts' research.

If you're comparing different contracts to decide which to purchase, among the factors to consider are the variety of subaccounts each contract offers, the past performance of those subaccounts, the experience of the professional manager, and the fees.

In evaluating the past performance and other details of the subaccounts a contract offers, or those you select in the contract you choose, you can use the prospectus the annuity company provides for each subaccount.  You may also be able to find independent research from firms such as Morningstar, Inc., Standard & Poor's, and Lipper.  However,  past performance is not indicative of future results.

Subclass
Each asset class - stocks, bonds, and cash equivalents, for example - is made up of a number of different groups of investments called subclasses. Each member of a subclass shares distinctive qualities with other members of the subclass.

For example, some of the subclasses of the asset class bonds are US Treasury bonds, mortgage-backed agency bonds, corporate bonds, and high-yield bonds. Similarly, some of the subclasses of stock are large-, medium-, and small-company stock, blue chip stock, growth stock, value stock, and income stock.

Because different subclasses of an asset class perform differently, carry different risks, and may go up and down in value at different times, you may be able to increase your return and offset certain risks by diversifying your portfolio by holding individual securities within a variety of subclasses within each asset class.

Surrender
You are said to surrender a contract when you end a policy, such as an annuity or a life insurance contract, before its maturity date. The same term applies if you withdraw money from a mutual fund within a certain time period after purchase.

In some cases, you get the surrender value back, which is the accumulated value minus fees and expenses. In other cases, a surrender fee applies as a penalty. In a mutual fund, it’s designed to prevent in-and-out trading in a fund, which might require the fund manager to liquidate holdings in order to redeem your shares. In the case of an annuity contract, the fee may be used to cover the sales charge paid to the investment professional who sold you the product.

Systematic withdrawals
When you are ready to draw on your retirement savings, you may have a number of options, including systematic withdrawals,  also known as specified payment options, for receiving income. Systematic withdrawals are regular, periodic payments from an annuity contract, managed account, mutual fund, qualified retirement plan, or IRA.

You establish the withdrawal arrangement with the account administrator. This includes the payment period - monthly, quarterly, or annually - and the size of the withdrawals, either as a fixed dollar amount or a percentage of your account value.

You can make changes or cancel the plan at any time. This makes systematic withdrawals a more flexible method of accessing your retirement funds than annuitization, where payments and schedules generally can't be altered once they're set. However, systematic withdrawals don't guarantee lifetime income, as annuitization does.

After you reach 72, you can use systematic withdrawals as a way to ensure you take out the minimum required distribution (MRD) from qualified retirement accounts and IRAs to avoid the risk of incurring IRS penalties.

Target-date retirement funds
A target-date fund is a fund of funds that allows you to invest in a portfolio with a particular time horizon, typically your expected retirement date. In fact, each target-date fund characteristically has a date in its name, such as Fund 2030, Fund 2040 or Fund 2050, and so on. You choose one whose date is closest to the date you plan to retire.

A target-date fund aiming at a date in the somewhat distant future tends to have a fairly aggressive asset allocation, with a focus on equity funds. As the target date approaches, the fund is reallocated to become more conservative to preserve the assets that have accumulated and to provide income. The pace of that reallocation is known as the fund’s glide path.

Each fund company’s glide path, which is based in part on its approach to risk, differs somewhat from the glide paths of similar funds, so that the allocation of one Fund 2035 may be noticeably different from the allocation of a Fund 2035 from a different company. For example, some funds remain more heavily invested in equities at maturity than others. No fund promises that you will accumulate the assets you need by the date in the fund’s name.






Tax deferral
Tax deferral means postponing income tax that would otherwise be due on employment or investment earnings until some point in the future, often when you retire. For example, you can contribute pretax income to employer sponsored retirement plans, such as a 401(k) or 403(b). You owe no tax on any earnings in these plans, or in traditional individual retirement accounts (IRAs), fixed and variable annuities, and some insurance policies until you withdraw the money. Then tax is due on the amounts you take out, at the same rate you pay on your regular income.

A big advantage of tax deferral is that earnings may compound more quickly, since no money is being taken out of the account to pay taxes. But in return for postponing taxes, you agree to limited access to your money before you reach 59½.

Tax-deductible
Tax-deductible refers to an expense, or loss, or other payment that can be paid out of your pretax income, resulting in a reduction in your taxable income. Contributions to most qualified retirement plans are tax-deductible, as are some medical expenses and some interest on certain loans, like a home mortgage.

Tax-exempt
Some investments are tax exempt, which means you don't have to pay income tax on the earnings they produce. For example, the interest you receive on a municipal bond is generally exempt from federal income tax, and also exempt from state and local income tax if you live in the state where the bond was issued. However, if you sell the bond before maturity, any capital gain is taxable.

Similarly, dividends on bond mutual funds that invest in municipal bonds are exempt from federal income tax. And for residents of the issuing state for single-state funds, the dividends are also exempt from state and local taxes. Capital gains on these funds are never tax exempt.

Earnings in a Roth IRA are tax exempt when you withdraw them, provided your account has been open for five years or more and you're at least 59½ years old. And earnings in 529 college savings plans and Coverdell education savings accounts (ESAs) are also tax exempt if the money is used to pay qualified education expenses.

When an organization such as a religious, educational, or charitable institution, or other not-for-profit group, is tax-exempt, it does not owe tax of any kind to federal, state, and local governments. In addition, you can take an income tax deduction for gifts you make to such organizations.

TDA
A TDA is a Tax Deferred Annuity into which you make voluntary contributions, or what are known as elective deferrals, typically by having money withheld from your salary. TDAs hold contributions made to an employer-sponsored 403(b) plan. Depending on the provisions of the 403(b) plan, you may make both traditional tax-deferred and Roth contributions to the TDA. Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) begin at the later of retirement or when you turn 72.

Term
A term is the length of time between when a fixed-income security, such as a bond or note, is offered for sale and its maturity date. When the term ends, the issuer repays the par value of the security, often along with the final interest payment. In general, the longer the term, the higher the rate of interest the investment pays, to offset the increased risk of tying up your money for a longer period of time.

Term is also the lifespan of a certificate of deposit (CD), called a time deposit. If you hold a CD for the entire term, which may run from six months to five years, you collect the full amount of interest the CD has paid during the term and are free to roll the principal into a new CD or use the money for something else.

Trustee
A trustee is a person or institution responsible for holding and administering assets held in a trust for someone else’s benefit. For example, the trustee of an employer-sponsored retirement savings plan is designated to collect and invest contributions from and manage distributions for plan participants.

Similarly, a trustee, who you name, is responsible for managing the money and other assets you transfer to a trust that you create. Ultimately, the trustee, following the terms of the trust document, distributes those assets to the beneficiary or beneficiaries you have designated.
Underlying investment
The investments a variable annuity's separate account fund, a mutual fund, or other fund makes are considered the fund's underlying investments. The value of a single share or unit of the fund is based on the combined value of all of its underlying investments, minus fees and expenses, divided by the number of outstanding shares or units.

In some cases, when the item underlying a derivative investment is a security, such as the individual stock underlying an equity options contract, it is also called an underlying investment. However, when the underlying item is a consumable commodity, such as corn, or a financial product, such as an equity index, it is called the underlying product, the underlying instrument, or sometimes simply the underlying. For annuity separate accounts, the underlying investments are very often mutual funds that are available to participants in the separate accounts.

Uniform Gifts to Minors Act (UGMA)
Under the UGMA, an adult (a person older than the age of majority in a state or country) can set up a custodial account for a minor (a person under the applicable age of majority) and put assets such as cash, securities, and mutual funds into it. There is no limit on the amount you can put into the account. To avoid owing potential gift tax, however, limiting amounts placed in the account each year to an amount that qualifies for the annual gift tax exclusion is recommended by many experts.

One advantage of an UGMA custodial account is that assets that may increase in value can be deposited into it, so that any capital gains are retained in the account, and potential estate taxes that might have been due on the asset possibly can be avoided. See your tax professional for information on the taxation of gains in the account, because the rates of taxation may vary depending on the age of the beneficiary .

One potential disadvantage of a custodial account is that any gift to the account is irrevocable, and the assets become the property of the beneficiary from the moment they go into the account, even though as a minor he or she cannot legally control activity in the account or take money out. Upon reaching the age of majority, which occurs at 18, 19, or 21 depending on the state, the beneficiary may take control of the assets and may use the assets as he or she wishes.

In addition, if you are both the donor and the custodian, and die while the beneficiary is still a minor, the assets are considered part of your estate under current rules, which could make your estate's value large enough to incur estate taxes.

Uniform Transfers to Minors Act (UTMA)
The UTMA allows an adult (a person older than the age of majority in a state or country) to set up a custodial account for a minor, (a person under the applicable age of majority), who owns any assets placed in the account, although he or she can't legally control the account until reaching the age of majority. The UTMA is similar to the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act (UGMA) in many respects, but can be used to hold assets in addition to cash and securities, including real estate, fine art, antiques, patents, and royalties.

You may choose to transfer assets that you expect to increase in value into the UTMA account, so that any capital gains are retained in the account, and potential estate taxes that might have been due on the asset possibly can be avoided. See your tax professional for information on the taxation of gains in the account, because the rates of taxation may vary depending on the age of the beneficiary.

One potential disadvantage of a custodial account is that any gift to the account is irrevocable, and the assets become the property of the beneficiary from the moment they go into the account, even though as a minor he or she cannot legally control activity in the account or take money out. Upon reaching the age of majority, which occurs at 18, 19, or 21 depending on the state, the beneficiary may use the assets as he or she wishes.

To avoid owing potential gift tax, however, limiting amounts placed in the account each year to an amount that qualifies for the annual gift tax exclusion is recommended by many experts. In addition, if you are both the donor and the custodian, and die while the beneficiary is still a minor, the assets are considered part of your estate under current rules, which could make your estate's value large enough to incur estate taxes.

Unrealized gain or loss
If you own an investment that has increased in value, the increase in value is your gain, which is unrealized until you sell and take your profit. In most cases, the value continues to change as long as you own the investment, either increasing your unrealized gain or creating an unrealized loss. You owe no income or capital gains tax on unrealized gains, sometimes known as paper profits, though you typically compute the value of your investment portfolio based on current - and unrealized - values. Where the value of an investment has gone down, and it has not been sold for the lower value, there will be an unrealized loss.

US savings bond
The US government issues two types of savings bonds: Series EE and Series I. You buy electronic Series EE bonds through a Treasury Direct account for face value and paper Series EE for half their face value. You earn a fixed rate of interest for the 30-year term of these bonds, and they are guaranteed to double in value in 20 years. Series EE bonds issued before May 2005 earn interest at variable rates set twice a year.

Series I bonds are sold at face value and earn a real rate of return that's guaranteed to exceed the rate of inflation during the term of the bond. Existing Series HH bonds earn interest to maturity, but no new Series HH bonds are being issued.

The biggest difference between savings bonds and US Treasury issues is that there's no secondary market for savings bonds since they cannot be traded among investors. You buy them in your own name or as a gift for someone else and redeem them by turning them back to the government, usually through a bank or other financial intermediary.

The interest on US savings bonds is exempt from state and local taxes and is federally tax deferred until the bonds are cashed in. At that point, the interest may be tax exempt if you use the bond proceeds to pay qualified higher education expenses, provided that your adjusted gross income (AGI) falls in the range set by federal guidelines and you meet the other conditions to qualify.

US Treasury bond
US Treasury bonds are long-term government debt securities, typically issued with 30-year terms. New bonds are sold at par value of $100, and existing bonds trade in the secondary market at prices that fluctuate to reflect changing demand. These bonds, sometimes referred to as long bonds, are often used as a benchmark for market interest rates.

While interest on US Treasury bonds is federally taxable, it is exempt from state and local taxes. Treasury bonds are considered among the world's most secure investments, since they are backed by the full faith and credit of the US federal government.

Variable annuity
A variable annuity is an insurance company product designed to allow you to accumulate retirement savings. When you purchase a variable annuity, either with a lump sum or over time, you allocate the premiums you pay among the various separate account funds offered in your annuity contract. The tax-deferred return on your variable annuity fluctuates with the performance of the underlying investments in your separate account funds, sometimes called investment portfolios or subaccounts.

You may purchase qualified variable annuities, which are offered as options within an employer sponsored retirement savings plan, or nonqualified variable annuities. Nonqualified annuities are those you purchase on your own, often to supplement other retirement savings. You can also choose an individual retirement annuity, which resembles an individual retirement account except that the underlying investments are separate account funds.

Among the appeals of both qualified and nonqualified variable annuities is the promise of a stream of income for life if you annuitize the assets in your account, and the right to make tax-exempt transfers among separate account funds. If you purchase a nonqualified annuity, there are no federal limits to the annual amounts you can invest, no requirement that you purchase the annuity with earned income, and no minimum required withdrawals beginning at 70½. However, with both types of variable annuities, withdrawals before you reach age 59½ may be subject to a 10% early withdrawal tax penalty.

Volatility
The term volatility indicates how much and how quickly the value of an investment, market, or market sector changes. For example, because the stock prices of small, newer companies tend to rise and fall more sharply over short periods of time than stock of established, blue-chip companies, small caps are described as more volatile.

The volatility of a stock relative to the overall market is known as its beta, and the volatility triggered by internal factors, regardless of the market, is known as a stock's alpha.

Withdrawal
A withdrawal is money you take out of your bank, brokerage firm or other accounts with a financial institution. If you withdraw from tax-deferred retirement accounts before you turn 59½, you may owe a 10% early withdrawal tax penalty plus any income tax that’s due on the amount you’ve taken out.

Zero-coupon bond
Zero-coupon bonds, sometimes known as zeros, are issued at a deep discount to par value and pay no interest during their term. At maturity, the bondholder receives par value, which includes the interest that has accrued since issue. For example, you may purchase a zero-coupon bond with a six-year term for $13,500, and collect $20,000 at maturity.

One advantage of zeros is that you can invest relatively smaller amounts and choose maturity dates to coincide with times you know you'll need the money — for example, when you expect college tuition bills to come due.

One drawback of zeros, however, is that income taxes are due annually on the interest that accrues, even though you don't receive the actual payment until the bond matures. The exception occurs if you buy tax-exempt municipal zeros, on which no tax is due either during the term or at maturity. Another drawback is that zero-coupon bonds are volatile in the secondary market, so if you have to sell before maturity, you might have a loss.

These bonds get their name — zero coupon — from the fact that coupon means interest in bond terminology, and there's no periodic interest.

401(k)
You participate in a 401(k) retirement savings plan by deferring part of your salary into an account set up in your name. Any earnings in the account are federal income tax deferred. If you change jobs, 401(k) plans are portable, which means that you can move your accumulated assets to a new employer's plan, if the plan allows transfers, or to a rollover IRA.

With a traditional 401(k), you defer pretax income, which reduces the income tax you owe in the year you made the contribution. You pay tax on all withdrawals at your regular rate. With the newer Roth 401(k), which is offered in some but not all plans, you contribute after-tax income. Earnings accumulate tax deferred, but your withdrawals are completely tax free if your account has been open at least five years and you're at least 59½.

In either type of 401(k), you can defer up to the federal cap, plus an annual catch-up contribution if you're 50 or older. However, you may be able to contribute less than the cap if you're a highly compensated employee or if your employer limits contributions to a percentage of your salary. Your employer may match some or all of your contributions, based on the terms of the plan you participate in, but matching isn't required.

With a 401(k), you are responsible for making your own investment decisions by choosing from among investment alternatives offered by the plan. Those alternatives typically include separate accounts, mutual funds, annuities, fixed-income investments, and sometimes company stock.

You may owe an additional 10% federal tax penalty if you withdraw from a 401(k) before you reach 59½. You must begin to take required minimum distributions by April 1 of the year following the year you turn 70½ unless you're still working. But if you prefer you can roll over your traditional 401(k) assets into a traditional IRA and your Roth 401(k) assets into a Roth IRA.

403(b)
A 403(b) plan, sometimes known as a tax-sheltered annuity (TSA) or a tax-deferred annuity (TDA), is an employer-sponsored retirement savings plan for employees of not-for-profit organizations, such as colleges, hospitals, foundations, and cultural institutions. Some employers offer 403(b) plans as a supplement to - rather than a replacement for - defined benefit pensions. Others offer them as the organization's only retirement plan.

Your contributions to a traditional 403(b) are tax deductible, and any earnings are tax deferred. Contributions to a Roth 403(b) are made with after-tax dollars, but the withdrawals are tax free if the account has been open at least five years and you're 59½ or older. There's an annual contribution limit, but you can add an additional catch-up contribution if you're 50 or older.

With a 403(b), you are responsible for making your own investment decisions by choosing from among investment alternatives offered by the plan. You can roll over your assets to another employer's plan or an IRA when you leave your job, or to an IRA when you retire. You may withdraw without penalty once you reach 59 1/2, or sometimes earlier if you retire. You must begin required withdrawals by April 1 of the year following the year you turn 72 unless you are still working. In that case, you can postpone withdrawals until April 1 following the year you retire.

457
These tax-deferred retirement savings plans are available to state and municipal employees. Like 401(k) and 403(b) plans, the money you contribute and any earnings that accumulate in your name are not taxed until you withdraw the money, usually after retirement. The contribution levels are also the same, though 457s may allow larger catch-up contributions. You also have the right to roll your plan assets over into another employer's plan, including a 401(k) or 403(b), or an individual retirement account (IRA) when you leave your job.
529 college savings plan
Each 529 college savings plan is sponsored by a particular state, and while each plan is a little different, they share many basic elements. When you invest in a 529 savings plan, any earnings in your account accumulate tax free, and you can make federally tax-free withdrawals to pay for qualified educational expenses, such as college tuition, room and board, and books at any accredited college, university, vocational, or technical program in the United States and a number of institutions overseas.

Some states also exempt earnings from state income tax, and may offer additional advantages to state residents, such as tax deductions for contributions.

You must name a beneficiary when you open a 529 savings plan account, but you may change beneficiaries if you wish, as long as the new beneficiary is a member of the same extended family as the original beneficiary.

In most cases, you may choose any state's plan, even if neither you nor your beneficiary live in that state. There are no income limits restricting who can contribute to a plan, and the lifetime contributions are more than $300,000 in some states. You can make a one-time contribution of $75,000 without incurring potential gift tax, provided you don't make another contribution for five years. Or, you may prefer to add smaller amounts, up to the annual gift exclusion, which is $15,000 per recipient in 2021.



















































