Privacy and Security Information
At Mutual of America, providing for your security is one of our highest priorities. The security of your personal information is as important to us as your financial security. Throughout the history of our Company, maintaining privacy protection for our customers has been a priority.

The most important thing you should know is that Mutual of America will not share your personal information with anyone, except as permitted by law, and that we will not sell your personal information.

Mutual of America seeks to provide the best and most efficient products and services to meet your needs. As a result, there will continually be changes in technology that we will implement to benefit you as our customer. However, you need to know that we are safeguarding your personal information, however we receive it, or by whatever means you use to contact us, whether you are providing information via our 800 Line, our website, in writing, or speaking with a representative in our Home Office or one of our Regional Offices.

Mutual of America remains committed to the principles that guide us: loyalty to our customers and our employees, integrity in all we say and do, and working together to maintain our customers' trust.

Privacy and Web Security Policy
Information Collection
We collect and use information about you in order to provide you with insurance, annuity, retirement savings, and pension products and services.
We obtain most of this information directly from you, primarily from the applications you complete when you apply for our products or services and from your transactions with us. If we need additional information, we may obtain it from other parties, including employers, adult family members, other insurers, consumer reporting agencies and medical care providers.
We also collect information from your computer browser, such as browser type, internet protocol address, pages visited and average time spent on our websites. This information may be used to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed so that we may improve the quality and functionality of our operations.
When visiting and/or engaging with Mutual of America's social media networking pages using a specified, third-party social media networking platform (such as LinkedIn, Facebook or Twitter), you consent to the sharing of your information with such platform, unless such platform allows otherwise. If you choose to share your personal information, any information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Information Protection
To guard your personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state laws and regulations.
All of our employees are required to protect the confidentiality of our customers' personal information, and they may not access that information unless there is a legitimate business reason for doing so, such as responding to a customer request.
Our strict policies for protecting personal information apply to current and former customers.
We have appointed a senior officer of the Company to monitor compliance with the Company's Privacy Policy.
Information Disclosure
We will not sell your personal information to anyone.
We will not disclose your personal information to anyone, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, for marketing purposes.
We will not disclose your personal information to anyone, including our affiliates and subsidiaries, except as permitted by law. For example, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates, subsidiaries and any other entities that provide services to us so that we can effect, maintain or administer your business and respond to your questions or requests.
It is our policy that the recipients of such information shall protect the information and use it only for the purpose stipulated.
Security on Our Website
Our website uses some of the most reliable forms of security measures available to protect your information from unauthorized access.
Use your Customer ID or User ID, along with your password, to access your account information and initiate online and mobile transactions.
To prevent unauthorized access to your Mutual of America account via your computer or smartphone, secure sessions through our website are automatically terminated after 15 minutes of inactivity (20 minutes, during a financial transaction session). In order to continue after this point, you must log in again.
Social Security Number Protection
We protect all Social Security Numbers that we collect in the course of business.
We have procedures to limit access to your Social Security Number except where access may be required to provide products or services to you.
The confidentiality of Social Security Numbers is protected by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to Social Security Numbers.
Social Security Numbers are not disclosed to third parties except where required or permitted by law.
Use of Cookies
mutualofamerica.com offers customized features that require our use of "Cookies," which are small pieces of information that we ask your browser to store. This helps ensure that any information we send to you is only being received by you.
For Mutual of America SponsorConnect® users, cookies are also used to determine whether a user is visiting SponsorConnect for the first time so that a Welcome Screen can be generated.
Because cookies are site-specific, only Mutual of America can access, decode and make use of the information.
Mutual of America does not use third-party targeted advertising tools for its social media channels such as cookies, pixel tags and mobile device tracking identifiers to assist with Mutual of America's marketing efforts. However, third-party social media platforms on which Mutual of America's ads appear may use cookies, pixel tags and mobile device tracking identifiers on your browser to facilitate their own data collection purposes.
Our sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information or post information for children under the age of 13.
You can opt out of this information being collected in regard to targeted advertising by using the "opt-out" functionality of each individual social media networking platform under the "Settings" section of your respective account(s). In addition, you may also want to review all mobile device and browser settings in your respective electronic devices for additional settings regarding cross-device tracking and other privacy safeguards.
Mutual of America itself does not use cross-device tracking and will not have access to any personally identifiable information.
Calculators
Mutual of America's online calculators are provided for your information only. We do not track, retain or use any of the data input into the calculators, nor is the data in any way linked to you as an individual.
Third-Party Sites
Various pages within our website provide links to other sites of interest. We are providing these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of the linked site. These third-party-linked sites are not under our control, and therefore, we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Be aware that these third-party sites may collect information about you. We are not responsible for the actions of these third parties, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn what type of personal information, if any, they collect.
We do not control the privacy settings and preferences maintained by any third-party social media networking platform. If you wish to make changes to those settings and preferences, you may do so by visiting the "Settings" section of the respective social media networking platform.
Surveys
From time to time, we will post a survey on our website and request that you complete it. If you do respond to our survey, your responses, as well as identifying information about you, will be captured. Identifying information will only be used for our own statistical and analytical purposes in connection with our operations.
Your Role in Privacy
For your protection, and to protect your account information, you should not share your Security Profile information, as well as your Personal Identification Number (PIN), with anyone. Further, we recommend that you occasionally change your password and User ID, which you can do at any time after logging in to "My Account" on our website. You may also call our 800 Line to request that a new PIN be mailed to your address on file via the U.S. Postal Service.

It is important that you not leave your computer unattended while accessing your account information or initiating online transactions. If you become aware of any suspicious activity in your account, please notify us immediately by calling 800.468.3785, Monday through Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. ET.

For More Information
If you have any questions about Mutual of America's Privacy Policy or about our website security, or wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, or to inform us of any incorrect information in our records, please contact your Regional Office or write to the Privacy Officer at Mutual of America Life Insurance Company, 320 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022-6839.

We are providing this Privacy Notice on behalf of Mutual of America Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. By law, we have the right to modify this policy at any time, but if we do change it, we will notify our customers. Under applicable laws and regulations, we are required to send customers our Privacy Notice on an annual basis.

Revised 3/1/2022

Accessibility
 

Mutual of America Financial Group is committed to making our website user-friendly for everyone. Our efforts to improve accessibility are always ongoing, as we follow the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).

We engage with accessibility experts and use third-party tools to test for accessibility. As we learn and continually find new ways to provide an inclusive user experience, we welcome your feedback on the accessibility of our website. You can use the FEEDBACK tab on this page or call us at 800.468.3785 to share your feedback with us.

Please note that, while we strive to work with vendors who are similarly committed to accessibility, our website may link to, or interface with, third-party websites that may not fully conform with WCAG standards.

If you have trouble reading or using any material on our site, please let us know by clicking the FEEDBACK tab on this page. You can also call us at 800.468.3785.

TTY and telecommunication relay services
Monday–Friday, from 9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. ET

800.468.3785.

We offer a toll-free TTY number for people who are deaf or hearing-impaired, allowing direct communication with our representatives during our regular business hours.

NY Residents
New York Residents Only: Confidentiality Protocols for Victims Of Domestic Violence and Endangered Individuals
This notice is posted as required by New York Law Section 2612 and 11 NYCRR 244 (Regulation 168).

Summary: New York Insurance law provides that if any person covered by an insurance policy delivers to an insurer at its home office a valid court order of protection against the policyholder or other person covered by the policy, the insurer is prohibited from disclosing to the policyholder or other person the address and telephone number of the insured. The regulation governs confidentiality protocols for domestic violence victims and endangered individuals who are covered by a health or disability insurance policy in the State of New York.

Make a Request: If you are a victim of domestic violence, you must send a valid order of protection or a written request for confidentiality to Mutual of America's Home Office along with an alternate address for contacting you.

Revoking a Request: To revoke a request, the insured must send a notarized statement to Mutual of America's Home Office seeking revocation.

 

Correspondence under this procedure should be sent to:
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company
Attn: Disability Section, Beneficiary Claims Department
320 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022-1366

New York State Domestic Violence Hotline: 800.942.6906

Business Resumption Plans
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company
Summary of Business Resumption Plans
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries have plans in place to help assure that our operations, including business activities and customer service, can be continued in the event that the Home Office at 320 Park Avenue, New York City; the Mutual of America National Telecommunications and Conference Center in Boca Raton, Florida; or any of our Regional Offices become inaccessible due to disasters, fire or other emergencies. Such plans are designed to address significant business disruptions of varying scope.

In the event that a disaster affects the Company's New York Home Office, prompt resumption of operations would occur by utilizing the Company's Regional Offices in the Northeast and the Mutual of America National Telecommunications and Conference Center in Boca Raton, Florida. These facilities have been configured to perform processing and to handle communications that usually involve the Home Office without the need to acquire additional processing equipment or personnel. The disaster recovery plans are intended to provide continuous account access and transaction support during the disruption in normal operations at any of the Mutual of America facilities.

The disaster recovery plans include the Mutual of America National Telecommunications and Conference Center, Boca Raton, Florida, utilizing a site outside of the State of Florida in the event of a disaster that affects Boca Raton. Data processing and telecommunications operations are planned to resume within 24 hours of our inability to utilize the Boca Raton facility. On a daily basis, backup files from the Company's computer systems are sent to an off-site secure location. These backup files would be used at the off-site location as part of the disaster recovery plans.

You can be assured that the disaster recovery plans are reviewed as necessary and tested at least annually to ensure that we have taken the steps within our control to limit any impact to providing services to our clients during all types of business disruptions.

Financial Strength - Annuity Products
Ratings
          A.M. Best (as of February 2023)	A
          S&P Global Ratings (as of December 2022)	A
          Fitch Ratings (as of March 2023)	A
While these ratings do not apply to the safety or investment performance of the Separate Account investment options available under Mutual of America's products, they do reflect the Company's ability to fulfill its General Account obligations, which include its obligations under the Interest Accumulation Account, annuity purchase rate guarantees and annuity benefit payouts, as well as life insurance and disability income payments. Third-party ratings are subject to change. A.M. Best, S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings are independent rating agencies. S&P® is a trademark of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC.

